Chapter 28: You can get married, but there are conditions!

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo in front of him, in addition to incredible and incredible.

She didn't think of it, her fiancé is Chen Mo.

And Su Tuyu stood around Su Mu Bai, and it was shocked by pretty face. He grew up and didn't know what to say.

When Su Mu Bai knows that he is inexplicably a fiance, there is no way to accept this matter for a long time. First of all, she feels that she does not understand each other. Why is it to marry each other?

Which woman does not want to marry her that I really want to marry?

And what kind of society is now, how is the parents packaged for marriage?

So Su Mu Bai knows that this matter later, he will not hesitate to see yourself here, this so-called fiance.

However, since the father of Su Mu, the father said in the truth, Su Jia's company had a very big problem, and a big fund is needed to turn around.

Su-Father, these days, as far as all banks and friends and family, but still did not make this money. If you continue this, all companies of Sujia may face close closes, Sufather may also go to jail.

Just when Su Father has to be desperate, suddenly there is a foreign company to find Su Mu Bai's father, and agree to the support of Sujia's economy. The condition is that Su Jia must take out 50%. The shares gave each other, and it is to marry Su Mu Bai to Chen Mo!

This only has Su Mu Bai, suddenly becoming the maddous wife!

Su Mu Bai knows the reason of the matter, considering a long time, I feel that if I sacrifice myself, I can save the whole Su family, Su Mu Bai is willing to make such a sacrifice.

After all, she didn't dare to watch her own company's unpack closed, and looked at his father.

And Su Mu, who felt that since the other party named surname wants himself to Chen Mo, then Chen Mo must be a top rich second generation. After you marry Chen Mo, you should have very helpful for Sujia's business.

But who can think of it, people you have to marry are actually a poor light egg!

Su Mu Bai has abandoned the fantasy of love in his heart, and wanted to change the satisfaction of the material and the rest of his family, but Chen Mo, who stood in front of him, not only to meet the pursuit of Su Mu Bai. And it seems that there seems to have no ability to let Su family have been in a long time.

Su Mu Bai really can't understand why foreign companies present such a request.

At this time, Chen Mai seems to be immersed in the fantasy of Su Mu, which is not expected to be expected to go to Su Mu Bai, but at this time, Chen Mo knows that his unmarried wife is a very beautiful woman. I changed my heart's idea.

"The cousin, I can't agree with you, I will marry Chen Mo, we have to find a cow, I have to ask things, why do you want to marry a person!"

After the Su Tuyu responded, he immediately reached out and walked out of Su Mu Bai.

"Don't ask, I have long known what is going on!"

Su Mu Bai fell back, and then went directly to Chen Mo directly, whispered: "You are my fiance right?"

"probably!"

Chen Mo listened to Su Mu Bai's words, reached out and scratched his head, and his expression was awkward.

"Then let's sit down and talk!"

Su Mu Bai said faint.

Southern Su Jade saw that Su Mu Bai seems to have not left the meaning, and the pretty face is full, the expression is very incredible: "Cameard, what is you talking to this festive? Mo? Do you really plan to marry this Chen Mo? "

Su Tu Yu did not understand the situation on Sujia, but Su Mu Yin Xin is very clear, and now the only choice is to marry Chen Mo, or her father has no way to get the economic support of foreign companies.

So even if Su Mu Bai does not want to marry Chen Mo, she can't leave.

And Su Mu Bai, the woman is very smart. She just refused to think, although Chen Mo is not a rich second generation, but as long as Su Jia can slow down this time, even if Chen Mo has no money, Su Jia people can live very well.

There is also one of the most important tastes, which is that Su Mu White feels better than the ordinary rich second generation.

"Congfeter, you will go home now, I will definitely persuade myft!"

Su Yucu naturally couldn't bear to look at his cousin to marry Chen Mo, and his expression was very excited.

"No, Xiao Yu!"

Su Mu Bai fell back, then the posture is elegant to sit on the chair, then use the white, such as Yu Xiuyi, refers to his opposite chair, whispered: "Chen Mo, you sit down!"

Chen Mo hesitated and sat in the opposite Su Mu Bai.

"Your name Chen Mo is right?"

Su Mu Bai rushed to Chen Mail.

"Yes, my name is Chen Mo!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, and the expression on the face is very happy.

And Su Mu Bai saw that Chen Mo was so happy, and his eyes seems to be more disgusted, and whispered: "Chen Mo, why do you meet you today, your heart should be very clear?"

"clear!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, because Li Juncheng has long been with Chen Ma's things.

"Since you are clear, I will do it, I can agree to marry you!"

Su Mu, a pair of beauty, killing Chen Mo, as if there is no hesitating saying this.

Chen Mo suddenly stopped in an instant after hearing this sentence, because he did not expect Su Mu Bai to agree with her marriage.

According to the regulations above the will, Chen Mo must marry Sun Mu Bai in two years while not exposing his identity.

Although Li Jincheng uses the support of Sujia's economy to threaten the marriage contract with Chen Mai, but in fact, it is only to help Chen Mo's confirmation with Su Mu Bai.

This does not mean that people Su Mu Bai must marry Chen Mo, even if they want to marry Chen Mo, it is not necessarily within two years.

Therefore, Chen Mo has just worried how he should convince Su Mu Bai to marry himself, after all, he can't expose your identity now.

If you don't expose your identity, Chen Mo is a poor light egg of garbage.

Ordinary people will not agree to marry Chen Mo, let alone women who Su Mu Bai's best?

But did Chen Merne didn't think that he had just met Su Mu, and Su Mu Bai directly agreed to get married.

"Cameard, are you crazy? You really want to marry Chen Mo?"

Su Yugu glared at the big eyes of the water, and shouted very shouted.

"Do you have to marry me?"

Chen Mo also stunned, and asked softly to Su Mu.

"I can marry you, but I have a few conditions, as long as you can meet these conditions, we can get married at any time!"

Su Mu Bai slowly said.

......