Chapter 95: There is a thief in the class?

After Wen Rui left, Chen Mo also stopped a taxi and rushed to Nanyang University.

This scene happened at the hotel, so that Su Yulu believes that he is a room with Wen Ruo, so that Wen Ruo is misunderstood is a small white face that is taken by a woman.

But the two things did not have done one, so now Chen Mo is very speechless.

"It seems that hidden my identity is not so easy!"

Chen Mo sat in the taxi, couldn't help but sigh.

After more than half an hour, Chen Mo came to Nanyang University and walked into the classroom.

Because Su Tuyu delayed some time in the hotel door, when Chen Mo came to the classroom, the students in the class have been almost the same.

And when Chen Mo walked into the classroom, students in the class were all looking at Chen Mo in a different point.

Chen Mo hesitated, and he took directly to Meng Liang Liu Rui.

"Is there anything happening in our class?"

Chen Mo's student in the class seems to be still watching himself, some worry is because of their identity, so I will ask Meng Liang.

"Chen Mo, you tell me the truth, is your money really come to the lottery?"

Meng Liang's expression asked serious.

"When ... Of course, Otherwhere, where have you come, so much money!"

Chen Mo thought it was really exposed, so the expression on his face was more confident, and it was a sentence to Baba.

"You didn't lie to me?"

Meng Liang said.

"No……"

Chen Mo shaped his head.

"Nothing!"

Meng Liang had a long tone, then whispered: "I told you that our school has a thief, although the classmates of our class have not lost things, but other classes have already lost money, you Don't be careful! "

"Someone lost money?"

Chen Mo listened to this after heard, and then instantly reacted why the classmates above the class did now look at themselves. It turns out that these people are misunderstanding that they are thieves.

"You just asked me those words, maybe I doubt that I was right?"

Chen Mo has a little angry, asked Meng Liang.

Others suspect that Chen Mo can accept it, but he did not think that Meng Liang also doubted himself.

"I don't doubt you, I just ask!"

Meng Liang has some embarrassment.

"Chen Mo, in fact, others suspect that you are normal, after all, you will have to spend so much money before, and recently, you spend money is big, big hands, just like two people, they are sure first Doubt you! "Liu Rui looked at Chen Mo.

"Forget it, they want to doubt it, anyway, I am not a thief!"

Chen Mo hesitated, and I think that Liu Rui said that these words are still a bit, and their current behavior has too much gap before, and it is doubting that it is normal.

"Right, our class has just paid, your money is bright!"

Liu Rui looked at Chen Mai continued.

"I will give you money, how much?"

Chen Mer asked Meng Liang.

"Forget it, there is not much money, you invite me when you ask me!" Meng Liang returned to a sentence.

"That!"

Chen Mo nodded.

In fact, the previous flight is also Meng Liang to Chen Mima, because he knew that Chen Mo didn't have money, then Chen Mo's remained, please Meng Liang ate, although not said, but this thing, Chen Mo has been remembered. inside.

"Da da da!"

At this time, the classroom suddenly came from a high-heeled shot, and the whole class was in a silent.

The class teacher Yan Xia stepped into the classroom with high heel shoes.

The color is very beautiful today, wearing a black sling dress, the skirt is very soft and have a feeling of penetration, the side is just open to the side of the legs, the chest is towering, the feeling of the people, waist The limb is smoldering, and the soft tightly wrapped two petals. The exquisite and exquisite feet wearing a pair of high heel sandals, the whole person looks full, sexy and charming.

This is dressed in Yanme, enough to kill all boys inside the class.

"Recently, our school often has theft incident. If there is any classmate to lose things, be sure to tell me the first time, and it is more expensive to bring it to the school!"

Yan Xia put the textbook in his hand and whispered.

After listening to this sentence of Yanme, the student in the class was turned to Chen Mo's position.

Yanme seems to notice the eyes of everyone, but there is nothing to say, shout: "Both the textbooks are ready to go to class!"

Chen Mo's classmates are watching themselves, and they are very uncomfortable in their hearts, but he doesn't want to explain, after all, no matter what Chen Mo said, he can't change the idea of ​​these people.

......

The location of the class corner.

Li Kai Gaofiwei Luo Jiao Jiao Jia also has the pursuit of Liu Luo Zhao Hongtao and others sitting together.

"Zhao Hongtao is ready?" Li Kai asked Zhao Hongtao with his eyes.

"Kay, you can rest assured, I am ready!"

Zhao Hongtao smiled and then continued: "Today, our team leader just finished the class fee, the class fee is in her school bag, this class is ended in sports class, when we want to think about it Put Chen Mima to the classroom, then put it in the bag of the class, you will be in the bag of Chen Mo's school bag! "

"Good!" Li Kai nodded very much, then turned his head to Chen Mo's position, whispered: "Chen Mo, I see what you do this! With Laozi, you are a dead road!"

"Otherwise I think this is still countless!"

Liu Di seems to be a little worried.

"For? Why do you want to be? Chen Mo is so humiliated you a few days ago, how do you forget?" Gao Feifei was very unhappy to rush to Liu Luo.

"I am worried about what happened, what can I do, what can I do?"

Liu Di said very hesitated.

"Li Lu, you can rest assured, this matter will definitely not discover!" Zhao Hongtao said.

"Who is this?" Xu Jiao suddenly asked.

Everyone heard all of the position of Zhao Hongtao.

"Zhao Hongtao, you don't say that you have always like Li Luo? Now you can express it ..." Gao Feifei's woman is in the heart, nature will not let Li Kai do this kind of thing, after all, it is really people I found that Zhao Hongtao is also a matter.

Zhao Hongtao was silent, and then nodded directly: "That line, I will do this!"

"Zhao Hongtao, you ..."

Liu Di is open to talk.

"Liu Luo, you don't have to say, for you, what do I want to do!"

Zhao Hongtao was very affectionately rushing to Liu Luo.

Liu Lu heard Zhao Hongtao's sentence, and the heart was secretly screaming, and he would not talk.