Chapter 77: Have you kissed?

"Chen Gongzi, I ... I understand, I will contact Miss Su!"

Wang Zhongqiang reacted that Chen Mo had to give the villa to Su Mu, and the stabbed agreed.

"Yep!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then continue: "Right, there is still more than 300 million villas, I also bought it, you will prepare the contract, you will directly with Zhang Minggang directly. , Wait for our two to sign the contract, let Zhang Ming directly put the money to your company's account! "

"Okay, Chen Gongzi!"

Zhang Ming wants to do it, directly nod.

And everyone saw Chen Mozhen's intended to buy this villa, and then fell into the shock.

It is to know that this villa is known as the most luxurious villa of Nanyang City. The major media is now concerned about which of this villa will be bought by it!

But who can want to get it, and finally this villa is actually bought by Mermail.

Moreover, Chen Mai bought this more than 300 million villas as if they bought a radish in the vegetable market, there is no more than much asking of the detail of the villa, I don't want to buy it!

At this moment, everyone is understanding how Chen Mo has money!

Wang Zhongqiang saw Chen Mo's intention to buy the villa, did not dare to have any idle, and he was busy with the contract.

More than half an hour.

Chen Mo signed a contract with the king.

Wang Zhongqiang gave the key to Chen Mo, then laughed, said, "Chen Gongzi, our villa is now decorated, you can stay at any time, do you want to take a look now?"

"What can be seen in a villa, forget it!"

Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence, and then took the key to leave.

"Chen Mo, or you still have to see it, I have never seen such a big villa!" At this time, Mingmei suddenly opened Chen Mo.

After Chen Mo listened to this, he turned his eyes and then loudly said softly: "That, since you want to see, then let's go see it!"

Mingmei saw that Chen Mo did not refuse his request, it seems that Chen Mo seems to be more interest in the heart, and the smile on all his face is so sweet, and I don't know if it is intentional or intentional, move myself. The long legs are estimated to stand in a place where Chen Mo is closer.

Wang Yaoyao saw the smile on the Mingmei face, and the resentment in the heart was even more deep.

She has already planned everything, but I didn't think of this time suddenly ran out of a bright, which is not to mess with my own plan to seduce Chen Mo's plan?

"Chen Gongzi, please please!"

Wang Zhongqiang didn't care so much. As long as Chen Mo can buy this villa, he is already very happy. After all, he can get a price of money.

"Yep!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then followed the king to go outside the sales office.

Everyone was busy with Chen Mo out of the sales office.

After a few minutes, everyone came to the villa community.

Although I haven't went to Chen Mima's worth more than 300 million villas, it has already made Mingmei feel very shocked.

The Mingmei family conditions are good, so I also bought a villa in the suburbs of Nanyang City, but the community where Mingmei Villa, whether it is a geographical or surrounding environment with Chen Mo's villa without any comparability.

The feeling of the entire community is like the palace.

"Chen Gongzi, your villa is in the middle of the community!"

One side of Wang Zhongqiang took the road, and said that Chen Mo is in the situation in the community.

"Great!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

After a few minutes, everyone came to a five-storey villa door.

When Mingmei saw the majestic appearance of the villa, the whole person was stupid, and the expression on the face was very excited.

"Is this villa too big?"

Mingmei snorted with his own mouth.

"This villa city is eight hundred square meters, but it is also included with a thousand courtyards, including small golf courses, a category of swimming pool basketball court!" Wang Zhongxiang smiled.

"This is too too, when can I have a set of such a house ..."

Mingmei has not known how to describe his current mood, if you can make yourself a hostess of this villa, let her do what she is willing!

And Chen Mo did not feel too much for this villa. After all, in Chen Mo's eyes, it is better to be better. In addition to the ability to force, don't you sleep?

Such a big villa, living alone, he will feel a little empty!

Wang Zhongqiang opened the door of the villa, and everyone directly entered the villa. Just enter the villa, everyone was shocked by the luxurious renovation.

Every place in this villa seems to be a luxurious word, even if you have seen a lot of luxury homes, you will inevitably feel very surprised.

The gorgeous crystal hang exudes the generous radiant and brilliant warm light, and the whole living room will shine warm and romantic.

Everyone stepped on a soft wool carpet, and everyone can feel very clearly a comfortable feel.

Whether it is tile or all corners, this villa is full of luxurious breath, and we can see a variety of modern equipment everywhere. The whole of the whole is that classical luxury art is combined with modernization.

Such a house is a single decoration fee, and it is estimated that it takes several million.

"Chen Gongzi, I still have some things there, I don't have to accompany you!"

Wang Zhongqiang also needs to report things to the headquarters, and there is also a matter of selling this villa, and it is to contact Su Mu Bai's coming contract, so naturally, I don't want to continue to stay here.

"Great!"

Chen Mo looked at Wang Zhongqiang nodded.

After Du Tianhao saw Wang Zhongqiang to leave Wang Zhongqiang, he also left the villa. After all, their two were not particularly interested in these things. As long as they can look at it, I know what it is.

A blink of an eye, the whole villa is left to Chen Ming Mei Wang Yao Yao.

Chen Mimo watched a eye, I was waiting for my own watery's big eyes everywhere, and whispered: "Mingmei, you come with me, I have something to tell you!"

"..."

Mingmei heard Chen Mo's sentence, it flashed a shy, but it was still nodded by Chen Mo.

Wang Yaoyao, the face of the gas is very ugly, and the heart is secretly guess. If you don't easily bring Chen Mo to here, will not be like this, this little girl is embarrassed?

"Chen Gongzi, what do you need to carry me?"

Wang Yaoyao jealously rohered Chen Mail.

"What is the relationship with Chen Gongzi? What is your relationship with you?"

Mingmei looked at Wang Yaoyao's voice back to a sentence, then stepped on the pace of Chen Mo's pace with high heels.

Chen Mo hesitated, and took directly to the second floor, and then opened a room in a room and walked into the room.

After entering the room, Chen Mer was shocked by the scene inside the room.

Because this room is unusually welcoming, the standard red style is plus warm yellow, and the ornaments such as candles are not difficult to see that this room should be prepared for a couple.

Chen Mo did not understand, in such a villa, why there will be such a room.

After seeing the situation inside the room, the pretty face is also shameful. She doesn't know that Chen Mo is inadvertently entered into this room. She thought that Chen Mo is deliberate to bring himself here.

Although Mingmei wanted to become the hostess of this villa, at this time, the impression of Chen Mo is also very good, but when Wang Yao Yao is still downstairs, so Mingmei is actually a little nervous, but it is very fast. It flashed a firm.

Yesterday, Mingmei has missed a chance, and today she said nothing will miss this opportunity.

Mingmei is gently close the door, then close to Chen Mo, while the long-faced legs, asked with a silk: "Chen Gongzi, what do you shout here?"

"Mingmei, I ..."

Chen Mo Zhang has just speaking.

Suddenly I found a aromatic strike, Mingmei actually reached out Chen Mo's neck, and the red lips who wanted to drip directly on Chen Mai's lips.

"Hey!"

Chen Mo has never reacted what is going on, so it is a kissed by Mingmei!