Chapter 3: I am a richest man inheritors?

After entering the elevator, Chen Mo's expression is helplessly looked at his right hand. Although it is very good to feel in the beautiful woman's chest, Chen Mo also knows that he is a big trouble.

But he has no mood now, he just wants to figure out what this money is going!

After a while, the elevator arrived at the twenty-seven layers.

Chen Mo came out of the elevator and found that the entire 27th floor was all a office. The decoration in the office is extremely luxurious, and this location is just over, the scenery is also very good.

A middle-aged person wearing a black suit later after seeing Chen Mo came in, and quickly stepped up to Chen Mo's face, and said that Chen Mo said very respectfully: "Chen Gongzi, you are coming!"

"Do you just give me the person who called me?"

Chen Miman asked with a brow.

"Yes, Chen Gongzi, I will introduce it to yourself. I will be the general manager of Hui Ding Group!" Li Juncheng said.

"Oh!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, and then I asked when I got the environment inside the office: "Then you just give me a phone call saying that I have a legacy need to inherit?"

"Chen Gongzi, the situation is like this, you still don't remember that you have saved a surnamed Wang's elderly ten years ago?" Li Juncheng asked Chen Mail.

"The old man of the name?"

Chen Mima can stand up, then suddenly remembered that he did a little time, but because things were too long, Chen Mo also can't remember what the old man surnamed.

"Chen Gongzi, this, Wang Cheng is the chairman of our Hui Ding Group, the chairman of the three days, leaving a will, because he did not have no girl in this life, so all the property before his life Will be inherited by you! "Li Juncheng said slowly.

"I inherited alone?"

Chen Mo listened to Li Juncheng's sentence directly, I feel that this seems to only happen in the TV series.

"Yes, I can give you a simple introduction to the heritage left by the chairman of the king, including the Hui Ding Group, Mu Feng Group, and Changqing Pharmaceutical Group ..."

Said that Li Juncheng took a document from his desk, and then started to introduce him to something inherited in the future.

When I started, Chen Mo also listened to Li Jincheng to introduce these things, but later Chen Mo felt that she was dreaming, I couldn't help but interrupted Li Jincheng, wrinkled with brows: "What, you don't have to introduce, What do you mean by me? "

"OK!" Li Juncheng looked at Chen Mo and nodded.

"How much is these things?" Chen Mo continued.

"This is ..." Li Juncheng stunned, then whispered: "Chen Gongzi, I should also be more than five trillion US dollars!"

"Five ... more than five trillion? And still dollar ..."

Chen Mer was in the original place, and the expression on his face was very incredible.

"Correct!"

Li Jincheng looked at Chen Mo and nodded.

"These ... These money are me alone?" Chen Mo continued to shout, and he now feels too much to think about it, and it will become his own, and Chen Mo dreams. Dare to do this dream.

"Yes!"

Li Juncheng said with a smile.

"wrong!"

Chen Merloo was busy shaking his head and then continued: "You must be lie to me, I did save an old man without fake, but if he really had money, why never heard this name? Five trillion, should it be the world's richest? "

"Chen Gongzi, what should you say to the Forbes list?"

Li Juncheng looked at Chen Mo smiled.

"Yes, that is the list, if he really has money, why don't you have his name?" Chen Mail asked.

"Chen Gongzi, do you think he will choose the list of lists in accordance with Wang Chairman?"

"What do you mean?" Chen Mo said.

"Let's explain this, you can now see those people see on the list, nothing more than a name, once you have a famous, they can get better social resources, but the chairman of the king has already passed the one. At the stage, he didn't want to expose his identity! "

Li Jincheng paused, then looked at Chen Mo said: "The Chairman of Wang once said, no matter how much the troubles are more troublesome, so Chen Gongzi, if you inherit this legacy, I also recommend you not to expose Your own identity, this is not good for you. "

Chen Mo looked at Li Jincheng in front of him, and Li Juncheng should not lying. Even if the liar will not lie to this poor two-white poor egg, let alone the money in the bank card is now the goods are really real, and Li Juncheng's office is luxurious. How can a liar may have such a office?

"Do I want to inherit this legacy?" Chen Mo's pressure suppressed the excitement in my heart, whispered.

Li Jincheng found a document from the top of his desk. Before Chen Miao, he said softly: "Chen Gongzi, this is the will of the front of Wang Zhi, as long as you sign a word on this, then these things are all Your, but a little need to be Chen Gongzi, you pay attention! "

"what?"

Chen Mo took the will from Li Juncheng, and asked the expression.

"Wang Gong deliberately mentioned inside the will, if you want to inherit his property, you must go to Su Ming Bai as a wife, otherwise these things have no way to inherit!"

Li Juncheng said slowly.

"What is Su Mu Bai?" Chen Mo stunned, he did not think that inherited heritage actually had such a special request, give the money and gave a wife?

"According to the regulations above the will, I can't disclose any information about Su Miss!" Li Juncheng said slowly.

"What Su Mu Bai will not be a ugly eight misery?" Chen Miman asked with brows.

"Chen Gongzi, in fact, you don't have to worry about Su lady, after all, now the beauty technology is so developed, even if she is a head, as long as you have money, she can make her become a big beauty!" Li Juncheng said.

"You said this sentence is quite reasonable ..."

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then continue to say: "The rule, I agree ..."

"If you have no problem, you can sign it on it now, you can take effect immediately!" Li Juncheng handed his will to Chen Mo's.

In the face of such a high heritage, Chen Miman has no way to refuse. Don't say that it is to marry a woman, even if it really lets him marry the pig, he may promise, after all, Chen Mo is now really lacking.

After Chen Mima signed, Li Juncheng took the will, and then he was very respectful to handle two cards.

"What is this?"

Chen Miman frowned looked at the card in his hand, and asked in the tone.

"Chen Gongzi, the first card is the black card of our Huaxia Bank, this card is there is no consumption quota, but also says that hundreds of millions of billions can use this card, no matter how much you spend. Zhangka is the Emperor of the Emperor Club, representing the highest identity of this society, you can rely on this card to consume in the emperor club! "Li Juncheng said.

Chen Mo is not very careless about what the king's card is not very care. After all, he doesn't know what the emperor will be, but it is very interest to the black card of the Huaxia Bank, and I asked Li Jincheng: "You determine this Can Zhang card take money casually? "

"Of course, all the consumption of this card is the internal account of your company, and your company has more than 5 trillion, so it is not a problem with the consumption of five trillion billions!" Li Juncheng lightly Explain.

"I didn't expect to have such a powerful bank card!"

Chen Miman smiled with his teeth, ready for a while to leave here for a try.

"Right, Chen Gongzi, this is my business card, I usually help you to take care of the company business, if you have trouble, you can call me any time!" Li Juncheng handed it to Chen Mer's business card.

"Great!"

Chen Mermail took a business card and then continued: "If there is anything, I will go first?"

"I will send you ..." Li Juncheng said.

"No, let me go!"

Chen Mo was very casual, and then turned to the office of Li Juncheng.

After a few minutes, Chen Mo came out of the elevator.

"!"

More than ten security guards directly gave Chen Mo.

Chen Mo saw that after these security guards, Chen Mo was stupid after the security guard, and some did not know what it was.

"The small color wolf, you can be out!"

Previously, Chen Mima was invaded from the chest, she came out from the crowd, and she shouted very disdainted her shoulders.

"Yeah, you are sinking, dare to account for the cheap, I don't want to live! I don't look at what yourself ..." The little girl at the front desk also shouted.

"The previous thing is indeed that I am wrong, but I have apologized for you, what do you want?"

Chen Miman asked with a sexy beauty in front of him.

"How do I think? You know I don't know if I have to be disgusting by you, you still want to accounted for my cheap, do you know who I am? You look at your poor acid, I am now As long as I think about what happened, I feel disgusting! "

Sexy beauty is very disgusted by Chen Mo.

"You are sick that is your own business, I have nothing to do with me, trouble letting it, I want to go out!"

Chen Mo is said to be a little angry, which is obviously naked, so Chen Mo's tone is also a bit blunt.

"Do you want to go out?"

Sexy beautiful woman is smiling, then pointing to Chen Mo's shout: "Today, this matter does not solve it, you will leave here!"

"What do you want to solve?"

Chen Mo looks like a sexy beauty, and asked calmly.

"You ... you apologize, then roll out this hall, today, this matter is over, or I will send you directly to the police station!" Sexy beauty shouted.

"Yes, I apologize to Pan!"

The people around us will start to follow.

Chen Mer's individual stood in the middle of the crowd, which was very helpless. He didn't think this woman was so excessive, not because he touched her chest, she actually made him apologize.

"What is your kid still doing? Hey!" The security tone shouted.

Chen Mimei is in the position of the security guard, not talking, although he is very poor, it does not mean no bone!

"Pan Ying, what are you doing with these security guards?"

At this time, Chen suddenly came back to a roar.

Everyone was in the scene, I was all stunned after I heard this sentence!