Chapter 99: I don't go!

After Meng Liang hang up the phone, the expression on the face was very confused. He really didn't understand what the Mingmei Wei Jiaqi had to do.

Before Meng Liang took the initiative to let Wei Jiaqi also bring Mingmei to bring Mingmei, but Wei Jiaqi is very certain to see Mingmei to see Chen Mo, but at this time, Mingmei actually took the initiative, but also to find Chen Mo's, Meng Langyiny feels about Mingmei Wei Jiaqi today's move is a bit wrong.

"Xiangzi, what's wrong?"

Liu Rui saw that the darts on Meng Zhong face were somewhat unsatisfactory, frowning.

"No ... not very!"

Meng Liang shook his head back and then continued: "Wei Jiaqi came two to school with Mingmei, and now it is at the school!"

"Mingmei? Is that you introduced to Chen Mo's girl?" Liu Rui heard the name of Mingmei and revealed a doubtful expression.

"Yes, that is the girl!"

Mengliang nodded lightly.

"Isn't the girl in the bar? Yesterday? What is her today?" Liu Rui said.

"I don't know what she is doing. Wei Jiaqi said she came to find Chen Mo!" Meng Liang said.

"Looking for Chen Mo?"

Liu Rui heard that he was so speechless, and said with his mouth: "When she is in the bar, she is not very disappointing Chen Mo? What is Chen Mo's dry now?"

"I don't know this ..."

Meng Liang shook his head, then turned to see Chen Mail: "Chen Mo, do you want to see this Mingmei? If you don't want to see it, I said that you are not in school ..."

"If you come, you will see it!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"That, two of them are now waiting at the school at the school, let's go!"

Meng Liang saw that Chen Mo was promised to see the Mingmei, and the steps were walking directly to the school gate.

Liu Rui walked two steps, turned softly in Chen Mo: "Chen Mo, I feel that Mingmei this girl will definitely not simply come to you, you are best to be careful!"

"I know!"

Chen Mo looked at Liu Rui and smiled.

Although Meng Liang Liu Rui did not know what Mingmei came to find Chen Mo, but Chen Mo's heart is very clear.

Mingmei now knows his identity, naturally take the initiative to take the border or even seduce himself.

And Chen Mo has always said that there is always a feeling of unclear, talking, but not particularly disgusting.

Of course, Chen Mo did not have the idea of ​​Mingmei, because he knows that Mingmei is close to him just because he has money, Chen Mo can't find a woman with his girlfriend.

But if you only be friends, Chen Mo is still acceptable.

......

A few minutes later.

Chen Mo and others walked to the school gate and found that Wei Jiaqi Mingmei's two girls standing at the door waiting for Chen Mile.

Mingmei is very beautiful today, wearing a palerk skirt, sunglasses, smiling, it looks very good, temperament is cool, the long-distance warmth is full of aura, nature is also a sexy index, crisp chest Church tower, the legs are long, step on a pair of ten centimeters high with sandals, and the whole person looks more and more charming a bit.

Wei Jiaqi, which is around Mingmei, has a lot of ordinary.

"Jiaqi!"

Meng Liang saw Wei Jiaqi, shouted very enthusiastic.

Wei Jiaqi told the Mingmei two to see how many of Chen Moung, when Wei Jiaqi saw Chen Mo, flashing a disgust in the eyes, turning his head, said: "Duo, that poor silk, you plan How to humiliate him ... "

Wei Jiaqi did not finish it, and then I found that Mingmei has already ran to Chen Mo's side, and the expression is excited to say Chen Mo: "Chen ... Chen Mo, have you come over?"

Everyone saw Mingmei, he said with Chen Mo, but also used such a tone, all in the original place, the expression on his face is very incredible.

"What is the beauty? What is going to do? How is it still talking to Chen Mo's silk?"

Wei Jiaqi looked at the location of Mingmei, and his eyes were very puzzled.

Meng Liang and Liu Rui's face were more shocked, because they think that Mingmei at this time is like two people in the bar at the bar, it is like two people.

Chen Miman turned his eyes, there was no expression, and there was no more to say anything.

"Chen Mo, what is your attitude? Second beautiful take the initiative to talk to you, how do you return to a grace? What is it?"

Wei Jiaqi was very dissatisfied with Chen Mo's attitude, and he shouted at the front of the water.

"Is there anything to talk to you with Mingmei?"

Chen Mo looked at Wei Jiaqi's position and coldly returned.

"Oh, you still have a grunge, is there a temper?"

Wei Jiaqi heard that Chen Mo was more angry, and his waist shouted, and then directly to Chen Mo's face, whispered: "Chen Mo, last time you have a rich second generation in the bar. We haven't counted your account yet, what are you here? "

"When did I wear a rich second generation?"

Chen Mo looked at Wei Jiaqi couldn't help but smile, and I couldn't help but feel a little fun.

Does he still need to pretend to be rich?

Is he itself is a super rich second generation?

"When did you wear a rich second generation yourself? Today, I'm just here, you will now apologize for the second United States, say it's good to be a good mood today, you can forgive you!"

Wei Jiaqi is completely a slap in this time, and the scorpion shouted.

Those students who have passed the road have stopped the position of Wei Jiaqi Chen Mo and others after listening to Wei Jiaqi's words.

Wei Jiaqi saw more and more students around, I couldn't help but show a satisfactory smile.

She feels that Chen Mo will apologize to the Mingmei in such a place to completely eliminate the isolation between themselves.

"Jiaqi, the last thing is not there? Are you doing?" What is this? "

Although Meng Liang also felt that Mingmei was not so simple, but he did not think that Wei Jiaqi did so too much, let Chen Milo apologize for so many students, this is not humiliating?

"Last time he pretended to make two beautiful people lost people in the bar, what happened to him now?"

Wei Jiaqi shouted straight.

"Wei Jiaqi, you are too much!"

Liu Rui can't see it, and I pointed to Wei Jiaqi shouted.

"I am too much or this is too much? If Chen Mo does not apologize today, I will go now!"

Wei Jiaqi felt that according to Chen Mo's silk personality will definitely apologize, so it is intentionally threatened.

"Then let's go!"

But no one thought that Chen Mo suddenly shouted in the faceless expression.

Wei Jiaqi heard that Chen Mo did not stand it, then bite his teeth: "Okay, you, Chen Mo, I originally want to give you a chance, let Mingmei forgive you, I didn't think you didn't know so. Good, second beauty, let's go! "

After saying this, Wei Jiaqi took the Mingmei to leave.

However, Wei Jiaqi took two times and found that Mingmei actually stood in the same place, and there was no meaning to leave.

"Two beautiful, what do you stand here? This poorer doesn't apologize, let's go!"

Wei Jiaqi shouted in Mingmei.

"If you want to take you, I don't go ..."

Mingmei face has no expression.

After hearing this sentence, Wei Jiaqi is directly in the original place, and the expression on the face is abnormal.

......