Chapter 78: Do you think about it with me?

In the absence of it, Chen Mo kissed it directly by Mingmei.

A ruddy lip directly kisses the lips of Chen Mo, bursts of fragrances into Chen Mo's own, and Chen Mo feels that his brain is blank.

Although Chen Mo has been with Gao Feifei for a long time, in fact, Chen Mo has not had such intimate contact with G G Gifei. Chen Mo has never thought of that his first kisses will take this way.

Mingmei's lips are very soft and very comfortable.

I have never experienced this feeling, I didn't even want to let go of my soft and fragrant body.

But Chen Mo still feels that a big man is kissed so, it is a little insulted, so after hesitating, connect his own beauty to push it.

Mingmei saw that Chen Mo opened his own, couldn't help but slammed Chen Mail: "Chen Mo, what happened? Is it too big, I ... I am the first time. Kissing others, maybe some are not very skilled ... Sorry ... "

Mingmei did not lie, although the parents were very beautiful, the pursuits around me did not count their number, but the Mingmei family environment is good, and in the influence of Sun Wei, I can't see the schools. Ordinary boys.

When she chooses her boyfriend, she is required whether she is long and her family background.

However, Chen Mo at this time is clearly all in line with her requirements, so she will actively for Chen Mo.

Chen Mo's apology did not know what to say, hesitated, rushed to Mingmei: "What did you do?"

"..."

Mingmei listened to Chen Mo, then whispered: "Chen Mo, do you bring me here? Do you want to confess me? Are you not ready to make me a girlfriend?"

"When did I say to make you girlfriend?"

Chen Mo listened to this sentence, the expression on his face was more collapsed.

"You don't want me to be your girlfriend, why do you add my WeChat? And last night, do we don't talk about it in the bar?" Mingmei Mei's eyes flashed a confusion. And continue to say: "Although there may be a little misunderstanding between the two yesterday, now these misunderstandings have been explained, I ... I am very good about you, I am willing to be your girlfriend ... "

"Big sister, I think you may be misunderstood!"

Chen Mai returned to a sentence, then whispered: "I talked to you yesterday, I really want to add your WeChat to you, but after this happened last night, I think we feel Two are not suitable, my girlfriend I want is not your type! "

Mingmei heard the words of Chen Mo, it feels like a five-labeled top, from the urine of her, this time, this time, a boys sent the door, but they were rejected.

Mingmei has no way to accept such things at all.

"Don't I be beautiful enough? Is my body not good enough? You know, don't know how many boys are pursuing me, do you don't like me?"

Mingmei glared at the big eyes, and the emotional excitement rushed to Chen Mo.

"You are very beautiful, you are also very good, but you are not to send my heart, you want to be my girlfriend, just look at my money, I can't keep with you. Girls are together! "Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence.

"Since you haven't thought about letting me become your girlfriend, why do you have to add my WeChat? Why do you have to bring me to this room?"

Mingmei looked at Chen Mail.

"I will take you here, I want to tell you, don't tell other people, I don't have anything else!" Chen Mo slowly slow.

"When you first add me WeChat, I said that I promised you one thing, not let me promise you to become your girlfriend, but I promise you not to reveal your identity is right?" Mingmei finally I suddenly realized that the tears were lowered by Chen Mail.

"Correct!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

"..."

Mingmei looked at Chen Mo in front of him, and his eyes were very pitiful because she felt that she was like Chen Mo's drama.

"If I didn't leave last night, I didn't go through your identity in the face of so many people." Mingmei is silent for two seconds, bites the lips I asked softly.

"Maybe it will!"

Chen Mo returned back.

Mingmei, whether it is the best thing to be a good thing, and it is not like Gaffefli flute, and when the bar is in the bar last night, Chen Mo feels this.

It's just that Mingmei has no way to accept Chen Mo is a garbage, because she feels that if Chen Mo is really a garbage, he will have no face with Chen Mo.

Therefore, Chen Mo felt that if he did not happen yesterday, he may not repel the beauty of this woman!

"That is to say, in fact, your impression is not bad to be right?"

Mingmei emperor shouted with Chen Mo.

Chen Mo looked at Mingmei, I don't know how to answer this question.

"You have something to impress me, then I still have hope, then I will not give up, I will let you really like me in the morning and evening!" Mingmei said firmly.

"How do you think that is your business, I can't intervene your idea, as long as you expose my identity, if I know my identity, I will never let you go!"

Chen Mo did not want to continue to discuss this topic with Mingmei, and after a faceless back, he turned directly to the outside of the house.

"Chen Mo, I will never give up, I don't believe I can't fix you!"

Mingmei looked at Chen Mo's back, secretly swearing, he has to be a hostess of this villa in the morning and evening.

As for Chen Mo, Mingmei will tell yourself in the same thing. In fact, Chen Miman has worked more, because Mingmei has no such thing, after all, the more people who don't know Chen Mo, the more girls who take the initiative to seduce Chen Mo will also, the more people will be Mingmei competitors will also change much.

She will not be stupid to say Chen Mo's identity.

Wang Yaoyao, who has been anxious outside, saw that Chen Mo came out so soon, long out of breath.

Such a short time, Chen Mo is definitely can't do with Mingmei in the room, and from Chen Mo's present state, Chen Mo seems to have a beautiful beauty, or two people will definitely hold hands out.

"Chen Gongzi, you came out?"

Wang Yaoyao stepped on the high-heeled shoe body, and the movement of Chen Mo's arm was skilled.

Chen Mo looked at Wang Yao Yao's expression helpless. He has just kissed by Mingmei, and now there is a Wang Yaoyao. It seems that it is true that it is really not necessarily a good thing. The temptation is too much.

"Let's go!"

Chen Mo said in Wang Yaoyao.

"Okay, Chen Gongzi, I have been booked in a restaurant. Let's celebrate you just bought a villa." Wang Yaoyao said in Chen Mo.

"..."

Chen Mo listened to Wang Yaoyao, whispered: "Okay, I am also hungry now!"

"Let's go!"

Wang Yaoyao saw that Chen Mo said, laughing, like a flower, squatting Chen Mo walked outside of the villa, throwing Mingmei alone in the villa.

When I walked out from the bedroom, Chen Mo has left Wang Yao Yao.

After Chen Mo came from Wang Yaoyao, Wang Yaoyao rushed directly to the location of Chen Mo's restaurant.

After more than ten minutes, when the car passed through a big shopping mall, Chen Mo suddenly stunned.

Because at this time, the shopping mall was surrounded by a large group of people, in the middle of the crowd, one of the handsome young people wearing a suit with a bunch of roses, kneeling in front of a pretty girl, seems to be with this girl Form.

And this girl is not someone else, it is Wen Ruo!

If you are in Wen Ruo, it is the one who stolen Chen Mo account.