Chapter 104: Mingmei table

After the girlfriend, the girlfriend of the melon, was directly in the original place.

Meng Liang Liu Rui Chen Mo and others also unexpectedly, no one thought that Mingmei actually did it.

And Li Kai Gao Feifei and others sat in the distance, and the eyes seemed to be more confused. They wanted to understand why Mingmei's girl should choose to help Chen Mo, and before G G G G G Gifei has expressed Chen Mo's identity, Mingmei can come out with Chen Mo. Eating is very incredible, at this time, Mingmei actually actively helped Chen Mo, which makes the expressions on several faces more confusion.

"What is the relationship between this girl with Chen Mo?" Zhao Hongtao couldn't help but sigh.

"Is Chen Mo who have been with this girl?" Xu Jiao hesitated, whispered.

"It's impossible, this girl is so beautiful, wearing clothes are also big names, the conditions in the home are definitely good, how can she look at Chen Mai's poor silk, absolutely impossible!"

Gaffield now has no way to accept Chen Mima to find so beautiful girlfriend in less than two weeks, so it is very exciting.

Everyone heard the words of Gigfifi and turned his head to G G G Gwe.

Gaffield looked at Chen Mingmei, and she definitely could not let Mingmei with Chen Mo.

Because Chen Mo is together with Mingmei, then Chen Mo will leave himself very well, and you can find a girlfriend who is more beautiful than her more beautiful and more temperament.

Gaffield can only accept Chen Mo's getting worse to prove that his original choice is right, but after accepting yourself, Chen Mo is getting better.

......

"Do you dare to hit me?"

On the other hand, the girl shouted after the reaction, and then the position of the teeth dance rushed to the beautiful position.

But the girl walked less than two steps, and the melon reached out and took the girl directly.

"What do you do? This person hit me, didn't you see? You hurry to help me back ..."

The girl turned to see the melon, and the emotions shouted.

At this time, Zeng Dong Puch is very ugly, hesitated for two seconds, whispered to Mingmei: "Two beautiful sister, how are you here?"

After listening to this sentence of the melon, everyone was in the original place, and the expression was very shocked.

Everyone did not think that the winter melon didn't know Mingmei.

Mingmei is actually because this girl is a girlfriend of melon melon, so I will solemnly hit people!

The girl around the melon is also very disgraced, she didn't think that the melon didn't think of the Mingmei.

"Small winter, it seems that you have recently been very chic in Nanyang University?"

Mingmei looked at the winter melon.

"Still ... it's okay ..."

The melon is very tense back.

"Then I don't need to use my uncle to talk to your performance in Nanyang University? How do you dad in my family a few days ago ..." Mingmei looked at the melon to continue.

"No, two beautiful sister, no!"

The melon heard the chance of Mingmei, and even shouted his voice.

Winter melon, his dad is a classmate and comrades, and the relationship between the two is very good, and the two people have naturally known.

So the melon is very afraid of Mingmei at this time, because if you run to his dad, you will definitely waste it.

"What happened?"

Mingmei looks at the melon.

"Just ... Just ..."

, Two beautiful sister, since you are friends with Chen Mo, then you will eat, I don't bother ... "

At this time, the melon is like a changing, and the attitude is very low.

After that, after I finished this, my melon took my girlfriend to leave here.

"Wait!"

The Mingmei has no expression.

"Two beautiful sister, what else?"

The melon turned to the Mingmei, and the expression was helpless.

"I don't know what happened just now, but since Chen Mo's dirty your girlfriend's clothes, then this dress we lost money!"

Mingmei said this, I took out a cash from my bag, I didn't want to throw it in front of the girl.

"!"

The cash instantly fell one place and looked directly at all people who were present.

Even if Gao Feifei Likai, I didn't think that Mingmei actually would have money, and a cash cash would be five or six thousand. A student can take it out so much money, it is indeed a sense of feeling.

After all, Nanyang University's ordinary students a month of living expenses are two or three thousand. Mingmei is directly thrown out of five or six thousand, and the eyes are not blusted. This is the real white rich!

The girls around the melon looked at Mingmei, and she knew that Mingmei is now in humiliating.

"What do you see? I can't pick up the money soon?"

The Mingmei face is shouting.

"I……"

Girls don't want to talk.

And the melon is grabbing the girl before talking, and all the cash on the ground will pick up all the cash, and the girl wants to leave here.

"Do I let you go?"

Mingmei saw that the melon, and the girl was prepared to leave, and they shouted again.

When the melon was so mad, it was so beautiful that he was so unusual to look back in Mingmei, then whispered: "Two beautiful sister, do you have anything?"

Mingmei did not take care of melon, but stepped on the high-heeled shoes, Ting Ting came to the face of the girl, and he asked the girl with no expression: "Just now, Mo said that Chen Mo does not like it?"

The girl looked at Mingmei, and didn't know how to answer this question.

"I tell you, I like Chen Mo, so I just hit you!"

Mingmei sound landed.

The entire restaurant was once again in a silent, everyone was in the original place, and the expression on his face was very incredible.

Because these people embraced it, they did not think that Mingmei actually took the initiative to admit that she likes Chen Mo.

Chen Mo's eyes look at Mingmei, for Mingmei wants to pursue this matter, Chen Mo will know, but Chen Mo is now there is no idea for Mingmei.

Mingmei is slowly turned to look at Chen Mo, whispering: "Chen Mo, I like you, do you like you?"

Li Kai Gao Feifei and others looked at Mingmei, and the heart collapsed in the heart.

One to have a long phase, there is a white full of beauty, and at this time, I took the initiative to talk to Mo's poor silk table?

The expression on the student face in the restaurant is as if it is a ghost!