Chapter 40: Is there anything that does not say in the dormitory?

Chen Mo's home.

Chen Mermail looked at the Wen Ruo in front of him. He didn't know how to describe his mood at this time. He didn't think that everything you did in Wen Ruo was a self-satisfaction.

"Chen Mo, what do you think of you are very clear, you are not because I like me, so I know that I am preparing to have a dating in the wind, so I will have these stories to lie to me, the purpose is to stop me. See the wind with the past, see it? "

Wen Rui seems to be stimulated by Chen Mo, she has no way to take someone to destroy the past, so Wen Ruo is very popular with Chen Mo.

"I like you? When do I like you?"

Chen Mili is now completely collapsed. Although Wen Ruo's personality is very good, the body is very good, but Chen Mo does not have any idea to Wen Ruo!

Even if Chen Mo's live broadcast is in Wen Ruo's live broadcast, Chen Mo is just a good thing to look at Wen Ruo, and there is no other meaning at all.

"Do you still admit this time?"

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mile and then continued: "Chen Mo, I advise you still don't have a passion, I really come over, I really come over, but I am just treating you as an ordinary friend, I am You don't mean anything else, I have been a good impression of you this person, but you told me today, it is really disappointed! "

"Ha ha……"

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo helpless and smiled, and the heart also dismissed the idea that I would like to convince Wen Ruo.

After all, since I am such a person in Wen Ruo, it is nothing to lie to Chen Mo.

"Anyway, I have said today. If you still feel that I am a self-satisfaction, then I don't have any way. You want to meet him with him!" Chen Mi did not express his expression. Wen Ruo said.

"..."

Wen Ruozhen heard Chen Mo's sentence, and then I didn't want to turn directly to the outside of Chen Mermail.

And Chen Mo looked at the back of Wen Ruo, and the eyes were full of helplessness. He originally gave Wen Ruo, but he wanted to help a good time, but he did not expect that there would be so many things.

The words before Wen Ruo did really let Chen Mo feel some sad, so Chen Mo is not intended to continue to manage this.

After a while, Chen Mer is lying on the eyes closed and ready to sleep, but I don't know why, Chen Mo always feels very wrote.

He is not because some people are blame, but because Wen Ruo is talking about himself today.

"Maybe in Wen Ruo's eyes, my poor is not worthy of her friend, nor likes her!"

Chen Mo did not help but sigh.

Although Chen Mo did not pursue Wen Ruo's ideas, it is said that Today, Today, Chen Mo is still very uncomfortable, although he is already very rich, but Chen Mo feels that all women who know their identity will take the initiative to invest themselves. While greeted, and those who don't know Chen Mo's identity will be disappeared.

Wen Ruo is like this, Su Mu Bai Su Tu Yu seems to be the same!

"It seems that this society is still a society that you have no money!"

Chen Mo smiled without laughing, then close his eyes and started to sleep, not thinking about Wen Ruo.

......

The next morning is 7:00 in the morning.

Chen Mermail was prepared to go to the school, but Chen Mo just opened the door, and he saw Wen Rui left out from her room.

Today's Wen Ruo is clearly dressed, the exquisite melon face is a touchless makeup, the willow leaf is bent, and the red lips have a burst of seductive shiny. The dark eyes are like a star in the night, one is wearing one Beige T-shirt, tall chest, slightly waist, and the lower body is a denim shorts, step on a blue high heel sandals.

The whole person looks sexy, fashionable.

When Chen Mo saw Wen Ruo, he knew that Wen Ruo is definitely going to go with the fake past.

Chen Sime thought some thought, it seems that Wen Rui still didn't listen to himself, so Chen Mo did not take the initiative to take care of Wen Ruo, but rushed to the front.

"Chen Mo!"

At this time, Wen Ruo suddenly shouted.

Chen Mo listened to Wen Ruo's shout, slowly turned his head and looked at Wen Ruo, and then asked with faceless: "Do you have anything else?"

"What, Chen Mo, last night, I am sorry, I like the words you say, it seems to be some excessive ..."

Wen Ruo Yan stepped into Chen Mima with the high-heeled shoes, and said softly.

"Nothing."

Chen Mo fell back, and then did not persuade the Wan, don't see the past, and rushed to go outside.

......

After more than ten minutes, Chen Mo said one person came to the classroom.

Because it is more than half an hour from the class time at this time, the students in the class are not a lot, and Meng Liang Liu Rui and others have not come.

Chen Mo's final row of class came to sit down and took out how to study on his mobile phone. How to find that account on the live broadcast platform.

After a few minutes, students in the class began to get more.

Li Kai Gao Feifei Liu Luo Jiaqing and others also appeared in the classroom.

When Li Kai saw Chen Mo, it flashed a different look in the eyes. Yesterday, the things happened in the Jacques restaurant, so Li Kai has been in the heart, and how it should be revenge. Chen Mo.

At this time, Gao Feifei is very resentful to Chen Mo, after all, the business of Li Kai's family has been affected, Gao Feifei is very unhappy, and Gao Feifei will take two third in Chen Sail to suffer, this is also a heart The face is very unhappy.

As for Liu Di, I don't have to say it. After all, Chen Mo came to kiss Liu Luo, let Liu Rong take off the clothes in front of Chen Mo, although Chen Mo did not do, but Liu Di felt that Chen Mo is better to do.

A woman took off her clothes in front of a man, but the man didn't think of it. This is simply the biggest insult to Liu Di.

After a while, the ringtone was ringtone.

Yanmele wear a brown career suit, white shirt in front of the chest, outlined a charming curve, the slender legs, a pair of black stockings, stepped on a pair of tens of centimeters high heels, Tingting, the classroom .

When Meng Liang saw Yan Xia, the eyes flashed a exciting look, and said to Chen Mo. "" The class teacher of our class is too good? If I can get a woman like Yan Xue, even if it is I am willing to live for ten years. I am willing! "

"You don't have to marry less than one hundred years!"

Liu Rui did not directly fight the face of Mengliang face.

Chen Mo looked at the Yanmei, which was a sexy dress on the podium, couldn't help but recall the picture of the color to see the color of the color in the dormitory.

The curve of Yanmei sexy and sultry, Chen Mo has not been forgotten now.

The students in the class looked at the Yanme sole on the podium. They found that the expression on the face of Yanmeng is very ugly. There is also a trace of angry.

It is very obvious that the mood of Yanme is not very good.

"Chen Mo, you come up with me!"

In the class, the students in the class are secretly guessing, and how is the color of the Yanmei, the Yanme suddenly shouted.

Chen Mo listened to this sentence, I couldn't help but stunned. I quickly stood up and asked: "Teacher, is there anything?"

"Other students in this lesson, Chen Mo is coming out!"

The soul is back, then directly twisted the little butt to go outside the classroom.

Chen Mo hesitated, and then he was busy leaving the classroom with Yanme.

After the classroom, Chen Mo's hair did not stop the meaning of the footsteps, but stepped on the high heels and rushed to her dormitory.

While Chen Mo's pair of black stockings, Chen Mo, the tempting and beautiful legs, sideways in the heart, what is the place to sinful, and why can't you say it in the corridor, you have to bring yourself to the dormitory Say?