Chapter 103: Domineering Mingmei

Yichengyuan Restaurant.

Because a girl suddenly rushed out and turned over the dishes in Chen Mo's hand, Chen Mo did not speak, the other person actually told the wicked, saying that Chen Mo intentionally hit her body.

Chen Mo looked at the expression on his face in front of him.

After the girl's boyfriend saw Chen Mo, his eyes flashed a different look, because he learned Chen Mo.

Chen Mo also got up and down the boy in front of him. Chen Mo's hair is actually a classmate of his high school. It is the original name Zeng Dong, but because it is fat, the child is relatively short, so many people call him melon melon.

The winter melon home is doing business. When the conditions have been in the past few years, the conditions are not bad. When he is high school, he will rebuild people, and there is not much shame bully Chen Mo.

In recent years, it is said that the winter melon, his father's real estate business, the price is doubled, and the character of the melon is even more arrogant.

"Hey, who I thought it was? It turned out to be Chen Mile!"

Dongmei is still worried that if there is a contradiction between his girlfriend, it is a rich second generation in the school. After all, Nanyang University hides the dragon is a little money, but it does not represent anyone can provoke. From.

But when he saw Chen Mo, he worked a lot in an instant. The top two steps, squinted with Chen Mo, continued: "Chen Mo, are you in Yoshengyuan restaurant as a waiter?"

"I am here to eat!"

Chen Mo said very calm back.

"You come here to eat?"

Winter melon looked at Chen Mile, I couldn't help but said it very disdain: "Just you have this poor acid, do you have money to eat here? Can you eat it? You can eat it is good? "

Chen Mo listened to the words of Zeng winter melon, very disgusting, read him very disgust, because Meng Liang and others are all in this time, Chen Mo does not want to continue the discolification, directly said: "Just now, your girlfriend hits my body, and overturned My dish, I see it in two of our two, don't care about this! "

"You said, just clearly, you deliberately hit me, and then make the dishes on my clothes!"

After the winter, the girl after hearing Chen Mo's sentence quickly shouted.

Chen Mai wants to leave.

Winter melon has stopped Chen Mo, then smiled and said: "Chen Mo, now you don't want to pay attention to this matter, but you have a clothes, you should give me a Candle! "

Li Kai Gao Fifi, who is not far, looked at Chen Mo's position, completely a good look, and several people can't see Chen Mo's shame.

Gao Feifei was originally wanted to reveal Chen Mo in the face of so many people, but later considering their plans, there was no crazy snake, but now suddenly came out of a melon, just allowed them to watch it.

Meng Liang and Liu Rui also noticed the situation here.

"You don't tell you this person? Just clearly, your girlfriend hits Chen Mo, you still have to explain, we don't let you pay for food, it is very good?" Meng Liang glared The beads show excited.

"Your eyes saw that my girlfriend hit him?"

There is no expression in the winter.

Meng Liang heard the words of the melon, I couldn't help but kneel it, because he did left, so he did not see how Chen Mo hit a girl.

"What do you want now?"

Chen Mo looked at Zeng winter melon.

"You have a daughter's clothes, I see it in our two, give you two options, the first choice is to pay the money, the second choice is to give my wife, I apologize, I look at it yourself! "Said the melon's tone is very arrogant.

"Apologize?"

Chen Mo listened to this after the words flashed a different look.

"How much do you want?"

Meng Liang didn't want to make things a lot, hesitated to see the winter melon.

"My skirt is a three thousand dollars to buy!"

After hearing Meng Liang, he said with his little mouth.

Meng Liang Liu Rui two people were listening to this number, all in the original place, the expression on the face was very shocked, because they did not think that the girl's clothes would be so expensive!

More than 3,000 yuan, Meng Liang Liu Rui is now can't get so much money!

Li Kai Gao Feifei, who is not far away, is full of smiles, because Chen Mergen is impossible to take out these three thousand dollars in their impression, even if there is Chen Mo, it will be reluctant, so Chen Mo will definitely choose I apologize.

"Chen Mo, I know that you are a poor silk. It usually takes the garbage in the school. So you still don't pay money, just kneel down my girlfriend. I apologize!" Meng Liang Liu Rui revealed the difficult expression in the difficult expression, said with Chen Mo.

"..."

Chen Sile did not express his expression in the same place, watching the melon did not speak.

He is thinking about how to clean up this person, but because now Meng Liang Liu Rui is here, if Chen Mo is called directly to let Du Tianhao come over, then it will definitely expose his identity, and when you follow Meng Liang. Not explained.

"The original is the boy who is a garbage of our school?"

At this time, the girl's eyes were very disgusted, and then he continued to say: "Today is really too unlucky, how can I encounter this person? I heard that this person is still in the past few days ago. My girlfriend smashed, you see what he is like this, which girl can look like this? He will live a single life, and quickly give me apologies, I will go to the clothes ... "

The girl's sentence was heard from Wei Jiaqi who had just came out from the bathroom.

"This is Chen Mo, how can I get trouble there?"

Although Wei Jiaqi did not know what is going on, but guess what happened just now from the stains above the girl's clothes and the words of girls.

Mingmei is hesitating, directly stepped on the high heels to the side of Chen Mo, and asked the cold voice: "What did you just say Chen Mo?"

"I said he is a poor silk, no girl can look at him, live the single life!"

The girl returned to the shoulder cold.

Mingmei heard this later, I didn't want to raise my little hand to go to the girl's face.

"Snapped!"

A crisp.

The whole Yishengyuan restaurant has been in a silent, everyone looked at Mingmei, no one thought that Mingmei actually would be so tight, just because the girl's sentence directly hit the other side!