Chapter 118: One Dynasty, Ten Double

The students in the class are standing in the same place, and there seems to have not thought that things will actually be such a result.

The real thief is not Chen Mo at all, but Li Kai is two people.

Zhao Hongtao only said Li Kai, one person, there are two reasons, the first reason is that he is still protecting Liu Di at this time, the second reason is that his hand only Li Kai refers to the evidence, no other person The evidence he contacted, so there is no use.

"Chen Mo's classmates, how do you plan to handle these two people?"

Qian Zelin clear Chen Mo's identity, so he deals with Li Kai, he naturally handed it to Chen Mer to decide.

"Do you don't want to be expelled?"

Chen Mo hesitated, and squatting his eyes asked Li Kai Zhao Hongtao.

"Yes, as long as you don't expel me, you can make me do anything!" Li Kai didn't want to nod.

"Well, then you go to the playground of the school, squatting at 6 o'clock in the evening, I will let you go!"

Chen Deng said that there is no expression.

After the students in the class heard Chen Mo, the expression was extremely shocked.

"Chen Mo, isn't it a bit too much? Don't get careful, I will tell you ..."

Gao Feifei glared in the front of the water in front of Gao Feifei.

"If you think that I can not be too much, I will be opened directly!" Chen Mimi watched Gao Feifei and said casually.

"you……"

Gao Feifei is a lot of stories, I don't know how to return to Chen Mo.

And Li Kaihong looked at Chen Mo's position. He felt that the way Chen Mo was really insulted. There is no way to accept at all times, but if he does not accept, it can only face the open end.

"Chen Mo, is a classmate in a class, there is no need to do things so much?"

"Yeah, you make people squatting on the playground is not too insulting ..."

"Chen Mo, you are too much!"

Those students inside the class have been here after hearing Chen Mo, and there have been two people to help Li Kai Zhao Hong Tao talk.

"Over?"

If Chen Mo listened to everyone, I couldn't help but smile, then I didn't show my face: "When they fell into the two people, I was a thief. Why didn't you stand out? Now, do you know too much?"

"..."

Everyone looked at Chen Mo's position, hesitated for two seconds, no one dared to help the two people who left Zhao Hongtao.

"Is it still still?"

When Chen Mo went to Li Kaiku, he asked.

"Chen Mo, if you are embarrassed, I am squat, can I still do?"

Li Kai shouted with his teeth.

Zhao Hongtao saw Li Kai to adapt to Chen Mo's request, and even shouted: "I am also squatting, I am also squat ..."

After listening to these two people, students were all in the original place, and the expression on the face was very incredible. No one thought that their two people actually agreed to Chen Mo's looks very unreasonable.

Yan Xia looked at Chen Mo's position, she felt that Chen Mo did do so much today, maybe because Li Kai is bullying too long, plus Li Kai gave Chen Mo's women friend.

If the new hat-age hate, it will make Chen Mai make such a thing.

Therefore, the Yanmei will not say much.

After solving the two of Li Kai, Zhao Hongtao, Chen Mo hooked his head to other students inside the class.

Before I was insulting Chen Mo, I saw Chen Mo's eyes, all showed fear expressions, because they knew that Chen Mo's handled Li Kai Zhao Hong Tao will be ready to do it.

"Do you still say what these people have said before?"

The students who have no expression in the class shouted in the class.

Everyone looked at Chen Mo did not speak.

"If you remember, then I will remind you, I said, everyone must spend the words for yourself!"

Chen Mailing shouted.

"Chen Mo, we are all class students, you don't ... don't do things too much, tell you!"

"Yes, people who are framed by you are not us, you ... what do you want to do?"

Several boy expressing nervously shouted,

"Now you know that it is a classmate. How do you insulted Chen Mo you forgot?"

Liu Rui listened to these people, and even the stood up and shouted.

"Yeah, do you really call Chen Mo? At that time, you didn't think that everyone is a classmate? At the beginning, Chen Mo will give you to Ming Grand Hotel to eat, you all forgot? "Meng Liang also shouted with it.

"I ... we don't know what this is going. At that time, we thought that Chen Mo was a thief, so he talked ..."

A male expression is tense.

"You don't know what is going on, you will dare to shake others, just because you have the existence of these people, it will lead to non-inverted, good people become bad people!"

Chen Mo's faceless shouting.

"Chen Mo's classmates have nothing wrong, you are free to rush to others, what is the difference between Li Kai Zhao Hongtao, what is the things they do? If this matter is not investigated today, Chen Mo's classmates may have been forced by you. Drop, so I must deal with you, let the students of Nanyang University understand that before you know the truth, you have to be responsible for every sentence you said! "

Qian Zelin saw the situation of the rudder, I know that Chen Mo wants to deal with these students, they stand straight, and generously shouted.

And those students were in the original place after listening to Qianze Lin, and the eyes were very fearful.

If Chen Mima wants to deal with them, they are not very scared in their hearts. After all, many people have just ridicule Chen Mo, Chen Mo can't make so many people.

But if Qianze Lin wants to handle these people, Qianze Lin can be the principal of Nanyang University. He wants how to deal with it, no one dares to violate the principal.

"Chen Mo classmate, how do you think it gives these people a big point?" Qian Ze Lin shouted softly.

"One person is a big?"

Everyone heard this later, it was completely stupid. No one thought that Qianze Lin was so embarrassed, just because they had already humiliated Chen Mo, and he would remember a bigger, this place is obviously a bit heavy.

Yanme looked at Qian Ze Lin Chen Mo's two people, and the eyes flashed. Because she thought that Qian Zelin was so angry today, even before, these students did saying some very difficult to listen to Chen Mo, But it is not that everyone remembers a big pass?

"Chen Mo, I think these people should not really want to treat you, everyone is a classmate, still don't make this matter!" After Yanme hesitated, he said softly to Chen Mo.

"Yeah, Chen Mo, we didn't mean anything else, you hurry to talk about the money principal, don't let him remember our big!"

"It's all classmates, I have to meet in the future. As for the truth, is it so big?"

At this time, several students are also anxious, watching Chen Mo's glavement.

"Chen Mo, I think it is still not a lot!"

Zhao An'an, a good heart, went to Chen Mo's side and loudly.

Chen Mile originally intended to deal with these people according to Qian Zelin, but he was a bit soft after hearing Zhao Anan, so everyone who had no expression shouted: "Do you want to be a big?"

"Don't want!"

"Of course I don't want to!"

Everyone shook his head.

"Well, today I look at the face leader and the face of the teacher, give you a chance, I can not let the principal to remember, but everyone has to have to tell me before. Apologize me! "Chen Miman shouted.

After listening to this, students finally understood that Chen Mo is now counterattacking them.

They are not only to apologize for those words mentioned today, but also apologize for those words that Chen Mo's words!

I have always been seen as a poor silk Chen Mo who can bullied casually. At this time, I finally revealed my teeth in all students. He told everyone that he was not so bullied.

Take the teeth, it is eye-catching.

DPRK, ten times.