Chapter 147: Is she my secretary?

Chen Mai followed Li Juncheng Sun Guangmao to take the car directly to the suburb of Nanyang City.

After about half an hour, Mercedes-Benz slowly parked in front of a double villa.

"Chen Gongzi, let's go to the place, get off!"

Li Juncheng turned his smile and said with Chen Mo.

"What gifts have you prepared to me? Can you tell me directly?"

Chen Mai shouted in Li Jincheng.

"Chen Gongzi, I will give you a gift you can see, don't worry!" Li Juncheng returned to a sentence.

Sun Guangmao took the initiative to help Chen Mo opened the door, Chen Mo had helpless, he had to go down Mercedes.

After getting off the bus, Li Juncheng took Chen Mo into the villa.

When Chen Mo entered the villa, there were three people in the living room of the villa, two of which were men, and one is a woman!

The age of two men is not very big, it seems to be more than 20 or more.

One of the body is slightly fat, with a thick glasses, sitting on the sofa and plays its own computer, which is obviously a standard otaku.

And another skin black body is somewhat scoring, and it is honest. At this time, it is holding a pair of dumbbells.

The only woman in the three is also the most special, because this woman is too sexy too tempting, giving people feelings seem to be a fascinating.

The woman is not only a sexy, but also is very enchanting, wearing a black tight-fitting body, the chest is towering in the shackles of the clothes, and outlines a unusual curve, and the lower body is wearing a thin, like a skirt, The short skirt is very short, as if it will be able to package the sturdy and roundless hips, the long-standing beautiful legs set with black stockings, step on a pair of red high heels, and there is an infinite temptation.

When Chen Mo's eyes fell in this woman's towering double peak, it would seem to be electric shock, and no one's eyes were moved.

Although Chen Mo has seen a lot of beautiful women, he has never really touched a woman, so it is inevitable that there is some mouthful of dry tongue.

"Li is better!"

Just when Chen Mo looked at the woman, the three people inside the villa had already arrived in front of them, and the attitude was very respectful and shouted at Li Juncheng.

"Chen Gongzi?"

Li Juncheng turned his head and shouted softly.

But Chen Mo didn't seem to hear the words of Li Jincheng, continue to watch the legs of the woman.

"..."

After the attention of Chen Mo's eyes, the woman couldn't help but smile, and it did not show any dislike.

"Chen Gongzi, these three people are the baby I said before!"

Li Juncheng looked at Chen Mai helidate.

"These three people are what you said?"

Chen Mo finally reacted this sentence, and called Li Jincheng shouted.

"Yes, Chen Gongzi, from today, these three people are all your personalguards!"

Li Jincheng looked at Chen Mo and nodded.

"Pipe your bodyguard?"

The expression on Chen Mima seems to be more excited, and whispered Li Jun whispered: "You don't mean that Wang Jia is temporarily doing it? I don't need any personal bodyguards at all now!"

"Although the Wang family may not do it for you, but in order to prevent any accident, I still decide to let these three people protect you!"

Li Juncheng returned to a word, and then rushed to the three of Chen Mo's face: "You will introduce yourself with Chen Gongzi!"

"Chen Gongzi, Hello, my name is Wang Lei, you will call me in the future!"

Jidsuu Youth is busy with the front step, smiling at Chen Mo.

"Hello there!"

Chen Mo helpless agreed.

"Chen Gongzi, Wang Lei is a very powerful master, and he is mainly responsible for protecting your safety!"

Li Juncheng looked at Chen Mo added.

"Chen Gongzi, my name is Wang Yang, you will call my fat man in the future!"

The body's micro-fat youth also introduced Chen Mo.

"Wang Yang is a computer master. After Chen Gongzi, if there is anything you need computer technology, you can give Wang Yang to do it. Wang Yang is the top ten hackers in the world!" Li Juncheng looked at Chen Mai continued.

"Is it so powerful?"

Chen Mo listened to Li Jincheng, couldn't help but sigh.

At this time, only the last woman didn't introduce yourself, the woman stepping on the high heels directly, the position of Chen Mo, with the posture of the Ting Ting, the chest tall and slightly slim, the waist oscillate, exudes an infinite style .

When the woman came to Chen Mo, she deliberately put a sultry posture, exposed her perfect body in Chen Mo's sight, a pair of foxes with blurred blur, loudly said with Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi, I Calling, I will call me Yaoyao, I don't have anything, but I will warm the bed ... "

"Amount ... warm bed ..."

After listening to the sentence of Wang Hao, Chen Mo was directly in the original place, and the eyes flashed.

"Put, you are old!"

Li Jincheng helplessly scolded a sentence, then looked at Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi, holding a secretary of your personal, after you have anything, you can contact your shake directly!"

"Is she my secretary?"

Chen Mo looked at the help of his support, and then began to recall the secretary of the secretary in his mind, what sentence!

"Yeah, Chen Gongzi, people start today is your secretary, you must be good to people!" Helping Chen Miles throwing a glance, said.

"amount……"

Chen Mimi said very speechless. He said in Li Jincheng: "Li Jincheng, I know that you let these people protect me for me, but now I am basically most of the time, there should be no danger, and If I take these three people around you every day, my classmates will definitely look at it, so these three people still don't follow me, if I have something to contact them directly! "

"... that is also!"

Li Jincheng looked at Chen Mile for two seconds, then nodded gently.

Chen Mo saw Li Juncheng promised that he had long lost, if he really took the three people in Zhao Lei Wang Yang, then he will monitor himself, so that Chen Mo is very uncomfortable.

"Chen Gongzi, or you don't take them two, how is it to your side?"

The words that heard Chen Mo seems to be a little lost, and the fragrance is joined with Chen Mo.

"What is that, you are a girl, I am a boys, I am not very convenient to bring you around you!"

Chen Mo had returned to a word, then took out his mobile phone to see time, and said to Li Jincheng: "Li Juncheng, I still have a little thing, you drive me back to the city!"

"Good Chen Gongzi!"

Li Juncheng was busy nod, then followed Chen Mile to walk outside with the villa.

......

After the shake, he saw Chen Mer Li Juncheng and others left, the expression on his face was very unhappy. He turned his mouth and shouted with Wang Yang Zhao Lei. "It must be that you are too long, so I will take Chen Gongzi. I am scared! "

"Why don't you say that you scare Chen Gongzi?" Wang Yang smiled back to a sentence.

"I am so beautiful, how can Chen Gongzi be scared away by me, you didn't see Chen Mo's eyes?" Helping the waters' big eyes shout.

"But if you are a man, are you not all the eyes?" Wang Yang said slogan.

"You know a fart, I tell you two, my sister, I have already thought about it, I have to seduce Chen Gongzi, then the name is coming to become Chen Gongzi, when you arrive at this time, you are my bodyguard, you The two now best give me honesty ... "Helping the sexy scent of his own, and said.

Wang Yang Zhao Lei heard this sentence, his expression was very despised, no one was supported, and they went to all.

......

On the other hand, Chen Mo let Li Jincheng drives himself to the day.

However, Chen Mo did not let Li Jincheng stopped the car at the bar door, but stopped in the place where the bar is less than 500 meters, Chen Mer is alone, I am going to walk in the bar.

When Chen Mo came to the bar, it was already eight o'clock in the evening.

This time period is the most time for the bar to visit, so the waiters in the bar are all busy.

"Chen Mo, you are here?" The waiter led Li Sisi to see Chen Mo and shouted.

"Sister Sisi, I am really embarrassed, I have been dealing with private affairs, so late ..."

Chen Mo saw that everyone was busy with this, and he said in Li Sis.

"Oh, it doesn't matter, anyway, you are also part-time, it doesn't matter later, it doesn't matter!"

Li Si smiled back to a sentence, and then a few bottles of wine in front of Chen Mo, whispered: "Chen Mo, you first change clothes, this is 502 private guests, they have been reminding, You first sent it! "

"Row!"

Chen Mo nodded, and then the fruit plate and the wine rushed to the 502 box.

" !"

Chen Mo stands in the door of the box and reached the knock on the door.

"come in!"

A man's voice sounded.

Chen Mo has pushed into the box, but after Chen Mo entered the box, the people in the box were stunned.

Because the guests inside this box are not someone else, it is Li Kai Gao Fifi Liu Luo Jiao.

Chen Mo didn't expect Li Kai who would actually ran to the day!

"Chen Mo, is it you?"

Xu Jiao saw that Chen Mo didn't help but exclaimed.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Xu Jiao and did not speak.

"I didn't expect usually in the school. Now I ran to the bar. When I came to the bar, Chen Mo, Chen Mo, I originally thought that you have a truth, so I am so arrogant in the school, no I think that you are still that there is no way! "

Gao Feifei has always been ambiguous about Chen Mo, let Li Kai, I have been happy. At this time, I saw Chen Mo naturally wondering a few words.

Chen Mo put fruit plate and wines on the tea table, do not want to take Gao Feifei Li Kai and others, turn around and want to leave.

"Wait!"

But at this time, a young man sitting on the sofa suddenly shouted with Chen Mo.