Chapter 133: I can solve the money!

The conference room.

Chen Mo threw the folder in his hand to the face of the middle-aged, everyone was in the original place, and the expression on his face was very shocked.

Because they didn't think that Chen Mo's courage is so big, dare to throw things on their face.

And Su Mu Bai has been completely collapsed, she is now understanding, Chen Mo is now coming to trouble, his appearance makes it more troublesome today.

"Your kid dare to throw me with things?"

After the middle-aged person reacted, the twist was shouted with Chen Mo.

"Do you have a lot of fun? Now you continue to laugh ..."

Chen Mo said coldly in the eyes of the middle-aged.

"you you……"

The middle-aged man was shaking by Chen Mo's breath, pulling the scorpion: "Su Mu Bai, good, you are deliberately find this kid to humiliate me right? I originally look at your father's face, I still plan Give you a chance, but since this, then I don't talk nonsense with you, today I have to retreat! "

"Yes, we have to retreat!"

"Raise stock!"

Other shareholders in the conference room also stood loudly rushed to Su Mu Bai.

"Uncle Zhang, you ... don't be angry, I really don't know why Chen Mo wants to make this kind of thing, I will let Chen Mo apologize now!"

Su Mu Bai said very panicked back, and then turned to Chen Mo's shout: "Chen Mo, where are you still doing? You still have to give Zhang Shushi apologize?"

"Why do I apologize to him?"

Chen Deng said that there is no expression.

"you……"

Su Mu Bai heard Chen Mo's words directly speechless, and his eyes were abnormal, she didn't understand why Chen Mo did.

"Don't apologize? That's good, I am now withdrawal! If I see the money I can't see today, I will go to the court now to sue you, big in the end, we will die, and the money to sell the shares. I can't say anything! "

The middle-aged people shouted.

"Uncle Zhang, you ..."

Su Mu Bai seems to have to save the situation, but Chen Mo suddenly reached out to Su Mu, and then said: "Since this person wants to retain stocks, let him retreat!"

"Do you tell me if you tell me, where is the money come? If I have no money to give them, the court will announce my company's bankruptcy, you know, do you know?"

Su Mu Bai turned his mouth and shouted with Chen Mo.

"Money thing I can help you solve!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"Chen Mo, can you don't do? Do you know how much I don't know how much I have given this company, now I may have caused me for so many years because of the behavior you just, what you want to do? Ah? You hurry out! "

Su Mu Bai has now completely collapsed, and the twist tone is very excited to rush through Chen Sail.

"I said, the money, I will help you solve it. Since these people want to retain stocks, then you will promise them to retreat!"

Chen Mimi said seriously.

At this time, Chen Mo has not yet tailored to Su Mu, so he can't tell Su Mu Bai's true identity, but if you finish your certificate, then Chen Mo can take a lot of money to help Su Mu Bai's company.

"Do you help me solve it?"

Su Mu-Bai looked at Chen Mile and then shouted: "You know if you don't know all of them, how much does I need to pay?"

"do not know!"

Chen Mer shook his head.

"I need to pay nearly 20 million, can this money come out? You told me, can you take it out?" Su Mu-white asked Chen Mo.

"I ... I can take it out!"

Chen Mo bite his teeth.

"How did you take it out, tell me? You are going to rely on the barrier to earn enough to earn enough to earn 20 million in the school?" Su Mu Bai at this time, So didn't pay attention to Chen Mo's feeling.

"Hahaha!"

Everyone heard Su Mu Bai, and everyone began to laugh.

No one thinks that the original Su Mu Bai's fiance is more than just a poor silk of garbage, but is still a waiter of the bar.

A small bar waiter actually said that he can take 20 million revitalization, which is a big joke.

"Chen Mo, you don't think about it here, please go out now, or I will call the security!"

Su Mu Bai heard the ridicule of everyone, and the emotions appeared to ease a lot, sitting in the chair and said with Chen Mo.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu Bai did not speak.

"What do you still stand here? I let you go out, you didn't hear it?" Su Mu Bai saw Chen Mo did not walk, shouting loudly.

Chen Mima has only one idea, which is to let Li Jincheng's 20 million cash, and hit a face of someone in the field.

But Chen Mo knows that he can't do this, because he has not married with Su Mu, this time, Li Juncheng came, it is equivalent to exposing Chen Mo's identity.

"I can help you find a investor, this person should invest a lot of money in your company, but this money can not only be enough for their dismissivity, but also allow your company to return to normal business!"

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu Bai whispered.

"Can you help me find a investor?"

Su Mu Bai was shook his head, and then smiled and said: "Chen Mo, I beg you, don't joking here, don't you have a joke? How can you find investors? Do you think who you are?" "

"I can let the person come over now!"

Chen Mo said.

"Can you come here now?"

Su Mu Bai heard that Chen Mo didn't help but screamed, and the expression looked very unexpectedly with Chen Mo around him.

At this time, Su Mu Bai can feel that Chen Mimo seems to be the same as it is.

"Yes, I can make the person to invest in your company now, and the money investment is definitely more than the one of Zhang Shaohao ..."

Chen Mo said very firmly to rushing to Su Mu.

"Chen Mo, all this time, you don't have a joke with me, don't you do it!" Su Mu Bai stretched his own temple, and his expression was very helpless.

"I didn't joke with you ..."

"Mu Bai, or if you let this kid call, I will see that he can find someone to invest in your company. If you can really find us, you can think about it!" Middle-aged Suddenly, he shouted in Su Mu Bai.

"You want to have a retreat, you don't want to return it?"

Chen Mo looked at the middle-aged people, then said that he was very domineering: "All people who have called retainings have just gave me this company today!"

Chen Mo felt that even these people did not retain stocks, they left, they were all scourge, so they were not as good as letting Li Jun came over to acquire these people's shares, and then let Su Mu Bai manage this company. Anyway, Chen Mili is in some money, don't say It is 20 million, even if it is two hundred million to him.

"..."

After listening to Chen Mo, I couldn't help but stunned.

No one thought that Chen Mo was so hard, I want to take out all people from the company.

"Kid, you still don't blow here, you can find investors to say it!" The middle-aged people rushed to Chen Mo.

"I will call now!"

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu, and then took a mobile phone to turn around and wanted to leave the meeting room.

Su Mu-white looked at Chen Mo, the expression is very unexpected. At this time, Su Mu Bai didn't know that Chen Mo is now joking with himself, or serious.

......