Chapter 108: Do you agree to search?

Zhao Hongtao's sentence is directly in the class, and everyone turned to look at Zhao Hongtao.

Zhao Hongtao looked at Chen Mo and looked at Chen Mo. "Chen Mo, how do you think of you, you will wait for it!"

"You said you know who is a thief?"

Qian Guangfa hesitated, and asked Zhao Hongtao.

"Yes, I know!"

Zhao Hongtao nodded, then reached directly to Chen Mo, shouting loudly: "The person who steals money is Chen Mo!"

"Chen Mo?"

Qian Guangfa couldn't help but stunned.

Those students in the class also turned their heads to Chen Mo, then the whisper discussion, in fact, these students in the class began to suspect that Chen Mo, but they were doubts in their hearts, no one can take evidence prove Chen Mo is a thief.

"Zhao Hongtao, what are you talking here? Do you say that Chen Mo is a thief?" Meng Liang stood up and excitedly shouted.

"Yes, do you have any evidence? Chen Mo has always been with us, never left, I can prove that Chen Mima is not a thief!" Liu Rui also stood in Zhao Hongtao shouted .

"Can you have two people who have always been with Chen Mo?" Zhao Hongtao looked at Liu Ruomang and smiled.

"I can determine!"

"Yes, I can also determine!"

Liu Rui also busy nodded.

"Oh, what can you determine how can you?"

Zhao Hongtao suddenly smiled.

And Chen Miman looked at Zhao Hongtao's position, he could feel it from Zhao Hongtao, and today, this matter may not be lost so simple.

"Da da da……"

At this time, I suddenly remembered a crisp high-heeled shot on the ground, and everyone heard the door to see the door.

"Teacher Yan is coming ..."

"Mr. Yan came over!"

After the students saw the Yanme, she started to shout.

The Yanme came to the side of the money, and looked at the money and smiled. "" Qian Director is too embarrassing, this thing is still trouble you come! "

"Nothing, I am the teaching director of the school, this is the matter of my responsibility!"

Qian Guangfa turned his head and got the amount of the kind of sexual humency, and the eyes were very wretched, and they always stared at the towering of Yanmeao.

And Yanmei naturally pays attention to the gaze of money, but there is not much to say anything, because it is basically that the people of Nanyang University don't know what is good, it is not a good thing. When you go to work, the money has nothing to do. , But Yanmei has never takes care of this money.

"Zhao Hongtao, just now that Chen Mo is a thief, is you evidence?"

Yan Xia turned his head to the position of Zhao Hongtao, asked coldly.

Although students in the class are suspect that Chen Mo, Yanmei still does not believe that Chen Miman will make such a thing.

"Teacher, I will definitely not casually, I will say that I have evidence!"

Zhao Hongtao returned to a sentence, then looked at everyone: "Today, we will have a work fee, it is estimated that only the students in our class know, so I analyze the thief is definitely the students of our class!"

The students heard the phrase of Zhao Hongtao, because they think Zhao Hongtao said this sentence is still a bit.

And Zhao Hongtao saw that the students appreciated his idea, the expression on the face seems to be more confident, continuing to analyze: "The squad leader said that her money is still in the sports class, but when the sports get out of class is coming back, I will not see it. That is to say, this money should be lost when you are in the sports class! "

"..."

Chen Men did not look at Zhao Hongtao. The heart is secretly analyzed that the IQ of Zhao Hongtao is absolutely impossible to analyze so many things, so these words are definitely someone tell Zhao Hongtao.

So who tells Zhao Hongtao?

The answer is obvious!

"So according to the two things I said above, I think it is most likely to be a thief, it is absolutely Chen Mo, because Chen Mo is the only person who returns a class when it is in sports class!"

Zhao Hongtao said calmly and said Li Kai's words.

Those students inside the class have heard that Zhao Hongtao has nodded all, because they think that Zhao Hongtao said that these things are really reasonable.

At this time, Yanme is also turned to Chen Mo's position, and the beauty is confused, and the heart is secretly sigh.

"Teacher Yan, Director Qian, I think as long as we now search for this search, you can definitely find the flight!"

At this time, Zhao Hongtao continued to shout.

"Yes, searching for this Chen Mo, when the sports class is time, Chen Mo is really coming back!"

"This thief is definitely Chen Mo!"

The students in the class have also begun to shout with it.

"Chen Mo, what do you want to say now?"

Yanme hesitated, turned his head and looked at Chen Mail.

Chen Mo slowed down, then said calmly: "Zhao Hongtao has just reasonable, but I think he may forget a thing, I am really back when I am in the sports class, but Zhao Hongtao He is the person who left the classroom, and the students of our class saw it. Zhao Hongtao was late today. Maybe this Zhao Hongtao stole money, and then deliberately fell to me? "

"Yes, if you are in accordance with Zhao Hongtao, there is a suspicion of himself!"

"Chen Mo, said it is true, Zhao Hongtao is really late when he is in the sports class!"

Meng Liang is busy with Liu Rui.

After he heard Chen Mo's words, Zhao Hongtao couldn't help but a smile, not only did not have any nervous emotions, but did not explain anything, but they shouted directly to Qian Guangfa: "Qian Director, since I doubt Chen Mo, Chen Mo I don't know how to make it, you have searched for us. I have not left the school after I have finished my sports class. Li Kai can prove that Meng Liang has Liu Rui can also prove that Chen Mo did not leave. After that, if it is really wear, then this money is absolutely on our two people! "

"Yes, search!"

"search!"

The students in the class began to yell after hearing Zhao Hongtao.

And Chen Mo looked at Zhao Hongtao's position, how many doubts in my heart, he didn't understand why Zhao Hongtao didn't search for it, why so I believe I am the thief.

"Chen Mo, do you agree with you?"

Yan Mo hesitated, looked at Chen Mail asked.

Yan Xia is finished, all the students have turned to Chen Mo.

Li Kai also revealed a smile.

At this time, if Chen Mo refused to sear, then Chen Mo is definitely a thief, but if Chen Mo will give you a search, then their plans to be fascinated.

Everything seems to be developed in accordance with Li Kai imagination.