Chapter 122: Strange Beauty Boss

Chen Mimi is very embarrassed to sit on a sexy beauty's thigh. He can even smell the aroma from the beauty collar.

The expression on the beautiful face under Chen Shan is also very helpless. When Chen Mo took the bus, the beauty has been sleeping, so I don't know if someone has got on her, until Chen Mo is sitting on her, she woke up.

"What is it? What is it? I'm going to roll down!"

The psychological quality of the beauty is quite good. Chen Mo suddenly sat on her, she not only didn't yell, but also very calm.

"Sorry, I didn't see someone in the car!"

Chen Moyi explained a sentence, then explained a sentence, then got up and sat in the position of the beauty.

The beautiful woman turned his eyes and glanced at Chen Mo. It flashed a touch of disdain among the eyes, did not speak, closed his eyes and continued to rest.

Chen Mimei hits the beauty of his own, and the beauty of the beauty should be around the age of twenty-seventh, and a very beautiful melon face. The five senses are also very exquisite, and the black hair is high, revealing the long white. The neck, wearing a black professional sleeve skirt, step on a pair of high heels, the skin is better, white and delicate, the body is proud, the legs are long, the crisp is towering, but the temperament on this woman is a bit cold, let People look and daunt.

"My recent peach blossom is very good, sitting a taxi actually can also encounter such a beauty!"

Chen Mer couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

"Young man, where are you going?"

That is, the taxi driver launched the car, and the twist smiled.

"Master, I am going to go to the day!"

Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence.

"Oh, it is really crazy, this beauty is also going to the day!"

The taxi driver saw Chen Mer and another beauty on the car was the same place, and smiled very happy.

And Chen Miman turned his head to the beauty of his own, and some doubts in his heart. At 5 o'clock in the afternoon, if the beauty is going to the bar, it is obviously a bit too early, this time is not open, but beautiful women This dress should be dressed as it is to go to the bar.

"Is this beautiful woman who didn't fall in the bar?"

Chen Mer couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

When the beauty knows that Chen Mo also went to the day without falling the bar, he turned his head and looked at Chen Mo and didn't speak.

Chen Mile originally intended to say to the beauty, but when he saw the beauty, he did not take care of himself, and did not speak, and took out the mobile phone to play mobile phones.

More than half an hour.

The car slowly stopped in the day of the day.

After Chen Mo finished the car fee, Chen Mo had paid a car.

"Do you also go to work in the bar?"

Chen Mo hesitated and asked softly to the beauty.

The beauty faintly looked at Chen Mo, and he did not take care of Chen Mo, stepped on the high-heeled shoes, Ting Ting, walking into the bar.

Chen Mo saw that the beauty did not take care of themselves, helplessly smiled, and walked into the bar.

After entering the bar, Chen Mo's simple looks at the environment inside the bar, and found that the decoration of this bar is still very good. In Nanyang City, it should be able to calculate the middle-and-wait bar.

Because now time is still early, there is no guest in the bar, only a few waiters are cleaning.

"Sorry, our bar has not yet time!"

At this time, a girl was shouting at Chen Mo.

"I am not going to spend, I am going to do partie-time!"

Chen Mo is busy back.

"Do part-time!"

The girl put down the tools in the hands and walked to Chen Mo's face. I got up and down, then I said: "Hello, I am the manager of this bar Li Si, you call me to think!"

"Sister, hello, my name is Chen Mo!"

Chen Mo said very well.

"Since you are to do part-time, then I will take you to the boss of our bar!" Li Si said slowly.

"Great!"

Chen Mo nodded.

Li Si turned and walked on the second floor of the bar, Chen Migan followed behind Li Sisi.

Li Si Si This woman is very good, but the body is very good, the chest big ass is also big, and when walking, it is very attractive.

A few minutes later, Li Si came to a office door with Chen Mile, and then immediately knocked on the door.

"Who?"

A woman's voice has a woman in the office.

"Total, there is a little boys who say that he is doing part-time, do you know this?" Li Sisi returned to a sentence.

"You let him come in!"

"Ok!"

Li Sisi promised, then turned his head and said: "You go in, Lin is always inside!"

"Thank you Si Si!"

Chen Mo said quickly.

"The little mouth is quite sweet ..."

Li Si smiled at Chen Mo, and then stepped on the high heels twisted a round buttock and left.

Chen Mo saw Li Si left the way, reached out and opened the door, and walked into the office.

After entering the office, Chen Mo directly stunned.

Because the office desk is sitting in front of a beautiful woman, this woman is not someone else, who is the beauty that Chen Mai has encountered in the taxi.

When I saw Chen Mo, I couldn't help it, and I immediately wrinkled: "You are the student introduced by Yanme."

"Correct!"

Chen Merloo is busy nod.

"What is your name?" Asked the beautiful woman.

"Chen Mo ..."

Chen Mo replied.

"Chen Mo?"

The beauty squinted up and down, and then whispered: "Since you are introduced by Yanme, the Yanme should say that your bars have your salary."

"Teacher Yan said with me!"

Chen Mo nodded.

"That's there is no problem, you will go find Li Sis, let her give you the working suit, you can go to work, my bar is now lacking people, you will dare to wait for a while, wait until when You don't have to come over! "

Beauty is like a robot, there is no feelings, and it is very cold in Chen Mo.

"OK, I know!"

Chen Mo nodded again.

"Since you know, what are you doing here? Going out!" Beautiful woman seems to have no good impression of Chen Mo, directly for Chen Mai, will be alert.

"What Lin is always, I still don't know your name!"

Chen Mo smiled and asked in the beautiful woman.

"Lin Qiushui!"

The beauty faintly returned, then continued: "If there is no other thing, you go out!"

"Oh!"

Chen Mo helplessly agreed, and then turned directly to the office outside the office.

......

Lin Qiushu saw that Chen Mo leaving, there was a helplessness in the beauty. In fact, she treated Chen Mo's attitude is so bad, not because she happened in the taxi, but she has always had a recent day. A trouble.

"Jingle Bell……"

At this time, Lin Qiushui was placed on the table above the table.

Lin Qiushi looked at his own mobile phone. When she saw the two words of my mother, the beauty flashed a collapse, hesitated for two seconds, or picked up the phone to pick up the phone.

"Autumn water, what are you doing?" Said a woman's voice across the phone.

"Mom, if you have anything, you just say it!" Lin Qiushui helpless.

"Little autumn, after two days, you are in the bore of the second son of Zhang Boye, you will come over, know?"

The other party slowly said.

"Mom, how many times, I have said to you, I will not marry the bastard, don't you force me?"

Lin Qiushui shouted very excited.

Just got out of the office, Chen Mo just heard this sentence of Lin Qiushui, I can't help but sigh: "No wonder this Lin Qiu's temper is so bad, it turned out to be married by his parents!"

......