Chapter 127: These money is yours!

"Autumn Sister, I ... I am going home with you?"

After listening to Lin Qiu Water, I didn't understand, because he didn't understand that the orphan men widen the middle of the night, why did Lin Qiushui take himself home? Is it necessary to see himself?

"Yeah, I just bought a massage chair today. I didn't pick it up. So you will go home with me to help me carry the massage chair on the building, then you will take a taxi back, I will help you reimburse it!" Lin Autumn is lightly said with Chen Mo.

Everyone heard the sentence of Lin Qiushui, the expression on his face was obviously released, the original Lin Qiushui Zi Chen Mo home is to let Chen Mo help to lift things!

The waiter's eyes have also become a fortunate, and fortunately, Lin Qiushui did not call himself.

I was already very tired for a day. Who else has strength to help what a massage chair!

And Chen Mima is in the face of a face, because in accordance with normal conditions, the electrical appliances such as the massage chair are delivered to the door, and some people are responsible for installing. At this time, Lin Qiushu actually let him carry this kind of thing, Chen Mo feels some Not too right.

"Don't be stunned, hurry to go with me!"

After saying this, Lin Qiushui directly stepped on the high-heeled shoe Ting Ting's walking outside the bar.

Although Chen Mo hesitated, but did not refuse Lin Qiushui. After all, Lin Qiushui is his own boss, but also a big beauty, Chen Mo is still very happy to help the beauty.

After a few minutes, Chen Mer came to Lin Qiuwei to the parking lot in front of the bar.

Lin Qiushi took out his own car key, and a white Mercedes-Benz lit up the light.

"Get bus!"

Lin Qiushu looked at Chen Mo shouted, and then turned to open the car door.

Chen Mo is hesitant, sitting directly above the co-driver.

After sitting, Chen Mo's simply observed the interior inside the car, most of which were pink ornaments, very female.

"I didn't expect Lin Qiushui, this woman didn't have a girl!"

Chen Mer couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

The car is filled with aroma, which is the same as the aroma on Lin Qiushui.

And Lin Qiushu saw that Chen Mo sat in the co-pilot, but the eyebrow wrinkled, but did not say much, slowly launched the car.

Lin Qiushui This woman has a clean, there is no way to allow men to sit on her co-drive. Even if women are only good, they are very good, they can sit here, so Chen Mo is the only one who sits Lin Qiushui. the man!

All the way, Chen Mo has been trying to look for topics chat with Lin Qiushui, but helpless Lin Qiushui seems to have never tempered him, and it has always been a thoughtful look, it seems to be thinking.

Chen Mile guess it, then Lin Qiushui has been thinking about his plan today, she is also very entangled, I don't know if I should do this.

After more than half an hour, Lin Qiuwei stopped the car in front of a villa.

Although Lin Qiushi's villa has no way to meet Chen Mo, it should be luxurious in the eyes of ordinary people.

"Get off, my family is here!"

Lin Qiushui seems to have made decisions at this time, and the expression on his face is very firm and said with Chen Mo.

"Great!"

Chen Mer gently nodded and then reached out and pushed the car.

"Qiushu, where is your massage chair? I will help you move ..." After getting off, Chen Mo said softly.

"Chen Mo, should you have such a villa?"

Lin Qiushui did not answer Chen Mo's question, but the tone was strangely asked a problem that was not related to the mechanismer chair.

"..."

Chen Mo listened to Lin Qiushui, I couldn't help but smile, don't say it, I have bought three sets than the villa that several times more than this kind of villa.

"You must have never lived ..."

Lin Qiushu took his mouth.

"I really haven't lived ..."

Although Chen Mo didn't know why Lin Qiushi wants to ask himself, but still returned to a sentence, he bought villa, but he didn't live.

"Come in with me!"

Lin Qiu Water stepped on the high heel to walk in the villa.

"What, Qiushu Sister, don't you say let me help you lift a massage chair? Massage Chair?"

Chen Mo's expression asked Lin Qiu Water.

"I just received a text message from the logistics company, the massage chair didn't send it today!"

Lin Qiushu was softly returned.

"..."

Chen Mo listened to the words of Lin Qiushui, directly in the original place, the expression on his face was very speechless.

Bring this woman in half night, take yourself here, is it to show her villa?

"Since Qiu Water, since the massage chair did not send it, then I will go back first, waiting for when the massage chair is sent, let me come over!"

Chen Mo said that this is going to leave, he thinks that Lin Qiuwu is a little less right.

"Chen Mo, you are waiting!"

Lin Qiushui saw Chen Mo to walk.

"Is there anything?"

Chen Miman asked with a brow.

"I ... my computer is broken, do you go in to help me repair it?" Lin Qiushu bite his lips and said that Chen Mo said nervous.

"Qiushu Sister, I will not repair the computer, or I will give you someone who will repair the computer tomorrow!" Chen Mo did not lie, he did not repair the computer.

"Oh, you are boys, definitely better than our woman, you will go in to help me see it, if it is really repaired, I am looking for others!"

On the side of Lin Qiushi, I walked into the villa while talking.

Chen Mo has helplessly walks into the villa with Lin Qiushui.

After entering the villa, Chen Mo has simply observed the renovation of Lin Qiushui. The whole feels very delicate, but it is not warm, it is not like a woman living room, most of the furniture sheets are covered with a black and white two Color, give people a sense of strangeness.

"The woman's home is too clean?"

Chen Mer couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

"Where is my computer, let's take a look!"

Lin Qiushui kicked the high heels on his feet, and walked into the living room with a little foot, reached out to the laptop on the tea table.

"what……"

Chen Mo nodded and rushed to the computer.

When Chen Mo sat on the sofa, Lin Qiushui's mouth would like to stop Chen Mo. She has a clean, really hard to endure a stranger, sit on the sofa of her home.

However, Lin Qiusi hesitated, swallowed himself, then said that there was no expression: "Chen Mo, you will repair the computer now, I will take a shower, I don't want to take anything in my home. ?"

"I know……"

Chen Mo nodded, then turned on the computer expression seriously.

Lin Qiushu looked at Chen Mo and turned into the bathroom.

After a few minutes, the bathing sound was rang.

After the test of the computer, Chen Mo's simply tried the computer, and the laptop of Lin Qiushui was thrown into the sofa, and his eyes looked confused with the direction of the bathroom.

Although Chen Mo did not understand the computer, he is not a fool. He tried it simply. Lin Qiushui's computer is very smooth, no matter if it is booting or online, there is no problem, he doesn't know what you should repair now. what.

And today, this thing, Chen Mo, more I want to feel it.

Before Lin Qiushu said that Chen Mo's hand massage chair, but he said that the massage chair has not sent it, then let Chen Mo come to repair the computer, but Lin Qiushui's computer does not have any problems!

"What should this woman do? She won't know my identity, want to kidnap my kid?"

Chen Mo's heart flashed a horrible idea.

If it is the previous Chen Mo, he will definitely there will be such a concern. After all, he is a poor-eyed egg, even if it is kidnapped, the kidnappers can't get much.

But now it is different, Chen Mo can be the existence of 100 billion. If it is really kidnapped, the trouble is big.

When you think of this, Chen Mo can't help but take a breath, then get up and decide to leave this villa of the homers.

But when Chen Mo has just been preparing to leave, the door of the bathroom opened.

"Chen Mo, what do you want to do?"

Lin Qiushu, who just took a shower, came out from the bathroom, and wiped his hair on his hair, and he asked Chen Mail.

At this time, Lin Qiushui has taken off his own career skirts, replaced a black lace pajamas, and the long white legs were exposed to the air. The double peaks towering, a delicate appetite, because I just took a shower. It looks a pink and tendon.

After Chen Mo saw Lin Qiushui, I couldn't help but be in the original place.

"Sister Qiu Water, there is something else on my side, your computer I have been repaired, I will go first!"

Chen Mo slammed his head and let himself wake up, he knows that he must not be confused by beauty at this time.

"There is something else in your side? It's so late, can you still have anything?"

Lin Qiushuo came to Chen Mo's in front of Chen Mo, and asked in the tone.

"Autumn ... Autumn Water, what do you want to do?"

At this time, Chen Mo and Lin Qiushui are very close. Chen Mo can clearly smell the deadly aroma on Lin Qiushi.

Lin Qiushu saw Chen Mo's look, smile, turned directly to the front of the tea, bending on the drawer.

Just when Chen Mo's perfect body, Lin Qiushu came out from the drawer from the drawer, a big cash is placed on the tea table.

"Chen Mo, sleep with me, these money is yours!"

Lin Qiushui is like a Queen generally rushed to Chen Mail.