Chapter 39: Self-seeking?

"Chen Mo, what did you say?"

Wen Rui is listening to Chen Mo showing that he is a very incredible expression after the past, wrinkled with Chen Mail.

"In fact, I am the past, the person you know today is a fake!"

For Wen Ruo, it is not cheated, Chen Mo can only tell Templer with Wen Ruo.

"..."

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mo's minimum for two or three seconds, and then blinked the big eyes, and smiled.

After Chen Mo saw Wen Ruo, the expression on his face seems to be more speechless, because he seems to have promised that Wen Rui will be such a reaction.

"What are you laughing at?"

Chen Mo said that he was helplessly asked.

"Chen Mo, you are too interesting, the sentence you just said is simply a joke I have heard ..." Wen Ruo said very happy.

"Big sister, I didn't joify you just now, what I said is very serious!" Chen Mo's low voice explained.

"are you serious?"

Wen Ruo smiled, then continued: "Okay, I know that you must be joking with me, how can you be the past? You must see that I am in a good mood today, so here I followed me Is it a joke? "

Chen Mo looked with Wen Ruo, and he was very worried about Wen Ruo. After all, the other party actually stoled Chen Mo's account, and it is certain that what is going to do.

"Wen Rui, I didn't joking you now, but I am very serious, I am the past, I've been a gift that I gave you, but that person stolented my account, he was ready to lie to you, you understand Don't understand what I mean? "

Chen Mo's form is very serious and said with Wen Ruo.

"..."

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mo's tone so seriously, I couldn't help but snorted, then bite the sexy red lips, whispered: "Chen Mo, do you really have to joke with me?"

"No……"

"How is this possible?" Wen Ruo said that the expression on his face was serious, and then whispered: "Do you know how many gifts do you have to reward me these days?"

Chen Mo listened to Wen Rui's sentence, although Chen Mo did often go to Wen Rui's live broadcast, but because Chen Mo did care about those money, so I didn't know how much I rewarded.

"The new thing to give me the wind these days have been more than 5 million, how can you take this money? If you are really the past, why don't you use my money to improve? What do you live in your own? Why don't you change a better house? Or give you your own clothes? "Wen Rui looked at Chen Mo asked.

Chen Mo was heard of Wen Rui's words, the expression was even more helpless, because he didn't know how he should explain these things with Wen Ruo.

He can always tell Wen Ruo, because he has inherited a few trillion heritage, so suddenly there is money. At this time, Chen Mo and Wen Ruo are going to follow the wind, and Wen Ruo is not a way to believe that if you are now a million It is estimated that Wen Ruo is more impossible to believe.

"Chen Mo, since you said that you are the past, how do you prove?" Just asked Chen Mail when he suddenly opened this time.

"how to prove?"

Chen Mo stunned.

"Yes, if you are really the past, then you should have evidence to prove your identity?" Wen Ruo nodded gently.

When Chen Mima, the expression on his face was helpless. The only one that proves that Chen Mo is the past, the evidence of the past is the account of Chen Mo, but he helped Chen Mo's account has been stolen, Chen Miman is logged in.

Wen Rui saw Chen Mo didn't talk, faintly smiled, then whispered: "Oh, you don't play, I know that you must be joking with me today, how can you be the past?"

To know that the past is the wind, it is a lot of martial arts on the live broadcast platform, and it will consume hundreds of thousands of people. Chen Mo, who is in Wen Rui, is nothing more than a poor child who can't get it even more than six hundred dollars. There is no connection between the two!

"Forget it, since you don't believe that I am the past, I don't have a way ..."

Chen Mo's low returned to a sentence.

"Time is not early, I will go back!"

Wen Rui seems to feel that Chen Mo is somewhat unsatisfactory today, so there is no idea to talk to Chen Mail, and get up and prepare to leave Chen Mo's room.

"Wen Rui you are waiting!"

Chen Moai quickly reached out to the Wen Ruo, and the tone shouted.

"What else?"

Wen Rui turned his head to see Chen Mo and asked.

"Although I don't have a way to prove that I am in the wind, I know that the person you contact today is definitely fake, so I can't see that person in tomorrow!" Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo.

"How do you know that he is fake? If he uses the abroad of the past, he tells me the account. He means that he is the past!" Wen Rui is still not happy to shout.

"I don't care if he is really fake, you can't see this person tomorrow!"

Chen Mo is now there is no mood to prove his identity, and there is no mood to explain that person is true or fake. His purpose is not as seen in Wen Ruo!

"Chen Mo, what are you going today? Why can't I go see that person?" Wen Ruo's expression was very disgraced.

"Because that person is a liar!" Chen Mo lost out.

Wen Rui heard Chen Mo's sentence directly in the original place, the beauty flashed a figures, and asked Chen Mail: "Chen Mo, are you too much today?"

"I ... how are I?"

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo Yan asked.

"How can you say that people are liar? The past will help me so much, give me so many gifts, you actually say that people are liar, if he is a liar, I hope this kind of liar is better. "" Wen Ruo shouted.

Obviously, at this time, Wen Ruo will not believe in every sentence that Chen Mo said.

"No matter what he is a liar, you can't meet him!"

Chen Mo did not explain so much, and said firmly.

"Chen Mo, who do you think you are? I have a relationship with him with him? Are you too self-satisfaction?" Wen Ruozhen shouted very excited.

"Self-satisfaction?"

Chen Mo listened to this sentence, it feels like there is a knife to piercing his heart.