Chapter 107: I know who is a thief

"Let's have a thief in class?"

When Meng Liang heard the phrase of the classmate, the expression on his face was very upset.

"Okay, this matter is not a sentence, two sentences can be clearly understood, you quickly let Chen Mo Liu Rui two come back, our classmates are all, now you are three!"

The opponent said anxious.

"That line, I know!"

Meng Liang feels that the other party should not kids with himself, and the sound promised one, and then hanged the phone directly.

"Meng Liang, what happened?"

Wei Jiaqi saw Meng Liang hanging up the phone and asked Meng Liang.

"Jiaqi Mingmei, you first go to school outside the school to find a place to stay, our class has just been a matter, we need to go back now!"

Meng Liang slowly said.

"Is it an urgent thing? If you don't need to urge you, don't go back. I have a good time with Mingmei today ..." Wei Jiaqi didn't seem to let Meng Liang three, so I shouted with a small mouth.

"It seems to be very urgent, wait for us to finish you!"

Meng Liang helplessly said.

"That!"

Wei Jiaqi nodded gently.

"Let's go!"

Meng Liang shouted with Liu Rui, and then turned directly to the outside of the restaurant.

"Xiangzi, what's wrong?"

Chen Mo just bought orders, come back, see Meng Liang and Liu Rui urgently prepared to leave.

"Chen Mo, our class seems to have a thief, and now the students in the class have returned, and I just gave me a call, let's go three back!"

Meng Liang urgently explained a sentence.

"Out of thief?"

Chen Mo listened to Meng Liang, and the eyes flashed in the eyes.

At this morning, the classmates inside the class were still talking about this, and there was a thief in the afternoon. Is this too clever?

I don't wait for Chen Mo, and Meng Liang took Chen Mo out of the restaurant.

"Chen Mo, I will go to the class, the students in the class will definitely doubt that you are the thief, but you can rest assured, I can give you a testimony with Liu Rui, you have always been with us, it is impossible. Stole! "

Before the Mingmei Wei Jiaqi is present, Meng Liang did not export this sentence. After leaving the restaurant, Meng Liang said whispered in Chen Mo.

"Yes, I can also prove it!"

Liu Rui also looked at Chen Mo nodded.

Chen Mo listened to the words of these two people, helpless smile, nothing to say.

......

On the other hand, Wei Jiaqi saw Meng Liang and others left the way, and rushed to Mingmei: "Second beauty, do you really plan to pursue Chen Mo?"

"correct!"

Mingmei nodded gently.

"I think you are very losing because of a Zhou Zhe, but I have been very losing with Chen Mo. This kind of person is too much. You didn't hear Chen Mo's ex-girlfriend said. He is simply poor and slag, it is really disgusting "" Wei Jiaqi said with a brow.

"I am not intended to be with him for a lifetime, what are you worried about!"

Mingmei looked at the simple Wei Jiaqi around himself and laughed back.

"That can't be white and cheap, this, I have just refused you, I really don't understand, what qualifications do Chen Mo reject you? I don't scouring the urine to see what I am like it!" Wei Jiaqi seems to be This thing is indignant.

"Don't worry, I will get his morning!"

Mingmei said very confident.

"That is, two beautiful you are so beautiful, definitely no man can reject you!" Wei Jiaqi nodded again.

......

the other side.

Chen Yuming Liu Rui returned to the classroom, and all students in the class were sitting on their own seat.

A middle-aged man wearing a black suit stands on the podium, and the expression is very serious about these students inside the class.

Chen Mo saw this middle-aged man couldn't help but stunned. The middle-aged man was originally famous for the Nanyang University. Director.

Although Chen Mo's contact with money is not a lot, but he knows that Qian Guangfa is not a good thing, and he is a nephector who is the President of Nanyang University, and it is usually exciting in the school. If his student, even if he is wrong, he will close one eye, but if it is a general student, it is wrong, and it is slightly playing, and it is directly opened.

Moreover, it is said that Qian Guangfa also often harasss the female students, so it is very uncommon in the school, and many people don't dare to argance.

"What do you stand at the door? I don't hurry to go in, wasting time!"

Qian Guangfa saw Chen Mo three people, and smash it.

Chen Mo hesitated, and then quickly rushed to the classroom.

"Now the students in your class are all right?"

Qian Guangfa saw Chen Mo who sat down and shouted.

"It's all right!"

The squad leader Zhao An'an whispered.

At this time, Zhao An'an's eyes were red, and the sound was also somewhat oxel, indicating that it should be crying.

"Zhao An'an, you talk about things!"

Qian Guangfa said in Zhao Anan.

"Teacher, things are like this, today I am running in our class, each student is two hundred dollars, a total of forty students, so there is a total of more than 8,000, before the physical education class, I am worried If you go to class with so much money, you may lose, so I put it in my school bag ... "

"Wait until the sports class get out of class, I ran back to the classroom, and then I found that the money was gone ..."

Zhao An'an said in a concretion of rushing to Qian Guangfa.

"What do you say? I also specially laid a notice in the announcement bar outside the school, saying that our school has a thief, your own things are careful, you will lose the money right away, you said you Long boulder! "

Qian Guangfa shouted very speechless.

"I ... I am not intentional!"

Zhao Anan heard the words of Qian Guangfa, started crying directly.

"Okay, what is the use of this time? Or see if you can find any clues, if you can find this money, then you don't have to be responsible, if you can't find this money, you will Discover your students, see if you make these money, or from the new flight! "

Money Guangfa is completely an attitude that is perfunctory. After all, there is a thief in the school that is not a day two days. The school has never been really found in this thief.

After the students in the class, the students in the class have begun to talk about the whisper.

After all, most of the students are ordinary people, two hundred dollars don't say much for them, but if they let them get from the new, they are definitely not happy.

But if Zhao An An is a person to take this money, it is simply a huge amount for Zhao An'an!

Chen Mo looked at Zhao An'an's face, hesitated, the heart is darkly thinking, if Zhao An'an really lost money, you can find a chance to lend some money to Zhao An'an.

After all, these more than eight thousands are a big number for an ordinary student, but for Chen Mo, it is really insignificant, he will not care at all.

"teacher!"

But at this time, Zhao Hongtao suddenly stood up and shouted.

"Do you have anything?"

Qian Guangfa turned his head to see Zhao Hongtao and asked softly.

"Teacher, I know who is stolen!"

Zhao Hongtao continued to shout.

After listening to this sentence, the students in the class saw Zhao Hongtao, and the expression was very surprised.

......