Chapter 26: Is Chen Mo's fiance?

Jacques restaurant.

The seven or eight security guards directly rushed up, and the little beauty Gao Feifei Li Kai and others had a smile of victory, and the elegant beauty wrinkled Chen Mo, and the heart wanted to help Chen Mo, but Helpless and understand the character of your own cousin, so he hesitated or not.

She is ready to wait until Zhang Manager takes away, call with Zhang managers, and strive to make people who make the Jacques restaurants are too difficult.

Her heart is clear that Chen Miman did not steal things. All this is just that your own cousin is retalian.

"Jingle Bell!"

At this time, Chen Mo's ringtone suddenly rang.

Chen Mai took his mobile phone to see an eye, and found that Li Juncheng hit.

"Hey?"

Chen Mer is connected to the phone.

The people present in the scene saw Chen Mer's attachment to the phone, and the expression was abnormal.

When is this?

Chen Mo didn't hurry to explain with Zhang, and there is still a call to answer?

Everyone wants to understand what is going on in Chen Mo's heart!

"Chen Gongzi, have you been to the Jacques restaurant?" Li Juncheng asked.

"It has already arrived, but the manager of this restaurant should go out, I will explain him to him ..." Chen Mo said helplessly.

"Chen Gongzi, I am really embarrassed, this matter may be that I have no explanation, you now give the manager of the Jacques restaurant, I will tell him!" Li Juncheng seems to be a little nervous.

"Great!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, and then directly put his mobile phone to the manager, there is no expression: "Some people want to talk to you!"

"Who?"

Yi Ji took the letter to the mobile phone from Chen Deh, and then asked softly: "Which one is?"

"Zhang He, what are you doing, tell me?" Li Juncheng shouted very angry.

"Li Li……"

I didn't know what to say after listening to Li Jincheng's business.

"Zhang He, you now find a place where no one is talking!"

Li Juncheng shouted.

"Good ..."

Zhang Heli promised, and then turned around and walked away.

Li Jincheng Qing Du Chen Mo is now not exposed his identity, so he deliberately let Zhang He leave.

And everyone saw Zhang He leaving, it flashed in the eyes.

But there is not much more thinking, after all, what do Chen Mo do this kind of people really find a savior, how can it?

Gao Feifei and Li Kai's eyes disdain. Chen Mo's position seems to be a person waiting for the Jacques restaurant.

"Xiaoyu, I want to say that this is course this? Is it so much? Anyway, your purpose has been reached, and it is good to have some people and good people?" Elegant beauty hesitated, and he said softly to the little beauty.

"No, I have to clean up this time today. You don't know how bad this person is, he is deliberately accounted for my cheapness when he is in the afternoon!" Xiaomei shouted his little mouth.

Duanzhuang beauty heard this sentence of the little girl sighed, I didn't know what to say.

Li Kai is put his attention on these two beautiful women. To know whether it is a small beauty or the elegant woman, it is possible to be the best in the best. It is not a Gaffey, which is around Li Kai. Can ratio.

Li Kai, with G G G G G G Gifei is actually playing, and it is natural that it is impossible to have any feelings.

Therefore, after Li Kai hesitated, he walked directly to the position of the little beauty, meaning it clearly.

Gao Feifei saw Li Kai to go to hook other girls in his face, and flashed on a pretty face, but did not dare to say anything, only to express .

Chen Mo saw that this scene couldn't help but laugh.

"Why are you laughing?"

Gao Feifei saw Chen Mo's smile and shouted directly.

Chen Mo listened to Gigfifi, couldn't help but shook his head, nothing to say.

"Beauty, don't know what you call?"

Li Kai smashed the little beauty.

"What do I call it with you? I am far away from me!"

The little beauty did not give Li Kai, and the tone was very disgusted back.

Although Li Kai did finance himself once, Xiao Mei felt that Li Kai hooks himself when his girlfriend is coming, it is not a good thing, so it is natural.

Li Kai smiled and turned to G G G Gwe.

At this time, Zhang He took the mobile phone expression to ran back. At this time, Zhang He was sweating, as if it was just from the sauna room.

Everyone saw Zhang He, after the appearance, there were unexpected expressions.

They don't think Zhang He Jie did not pick a phone call? How can I become this?

But everyone may not know that the Jacques restaurant itself is the industry of Li Jincheng, that is, Chen Mo is now the chairman of the Jacques.

How can Zhang He may think that he has unintentionally sinned the chairman of the Jacques restaurant.

At this time, Zhang He didn't know how to describe his mood.

"Mr. Chen, it is really sorry, I have just figured out all things, you are really our Jacques restaurant, I am apologizing you for my previous behavior!"

Zhang He walked to Chen Milo, and he was very respectful and said to Chen Mo.

Everyone was in the original place after hearing this sentence, and his face was extremely shocked.

Who can think of Zhang He after I finished a call?

Just now Li Juncheng deliberately explained the identity of Chen Mo, so Zhang He was so talking with Chen Mo, or Zhang He now has an idea to apologize to Chen Mo.

A small manager actually framed the chairman of the house, but also rushed people from the restaurant, which is just a joke!

The little beauty and Li Kai Gao Feifei and others are all stunned after hearing this sentence, and the expressions are very unexpected.

"Zhang Manager, what do you say?"

The little girl wrinkled in front of the front.

"Can I go now?"

Chen Sile did not express his expression.

"Can you go!"

Zhang He did not take care of the little beauty, but nodded by Chen Mo.

Chen Mo took the mobile phone from Zhang Hand, and then slowly left in the eyes of everyone.

Gao Feifei and Li Kai looked at Chen Mo's back, the expression is abnormal.

"Zhang Manager, what is going on? Why do you suddenly let this person leave?" Xiao Beauty shouted.

"Miss Su, today is a misunderstanding, the Mr. Just now is the VIP of our Jacques restaurant, the guest of the third supreme package!" Zhang managers reached out and wiped the sweat of his face, very helpless Explanation.

"Guests No. 3 Supreme Box?"

Xiaomei is still in the words of Zhangzhuang, and after hearing this sentence.

"How is this? We two are the guests of the third Supreme Box? Just now Chen Mo must be lying, Zhang Manager, you will come back!" The little beauty expression seems to be a little excited.

"Miss Su, I didn't make a mistake. He is definitely the third party. Our front desk is a registration record. The box is Chen Mo's opening!"

Zhang Yi wrinkled with brows.

"This is impossible, you must have a mistake, this box is clearly my sister, how can Chen Mo open ..."

The little girl talking to the position of the elegant beauty while talking.

"Miss Su, if you don't believe it, I can take you to see the registration record of the front desk!" Yi could not disclose too much about Chen Mo's things, and the expression is difficult.

"Look, I don't believe that the bastard has money to open the room in such a place!"

The little girl shouted very uncomfortable.

"Don't look, this box is not me, it is my fiance!" Just at this time, the beautiful girl biting the red lips whispered.

"what?"

The little girl heard the eyes after heard this, and his face was extremely shocked.