Chapter 120: Who said that I am a poor photo?

Nanyang University entrance.

Numerous students surrounded Chen Mo Li Kai Zhao Hong Tao's three people, including many people who were not Chen Mile.

Most of these people know that Chen Mo is a poor silk of garbage, but they don't know why Zhao Hongtao is in front of Chen Mo.

Li Kai saw Zhao Hongtao really kneel down, his expression hesitated, don't know if you would like yourself.

If Li Kai Zhao Hongtao knows that the result of the matter is like this, then they didn't dare to fall into Chen Mo when they said, and the intestines of these people quickly regret it.

The true root caused by this matter is a look that the way does not have a high height. It is said that Zhao Hongtao kneeling in front of Chen Mo's face is looked at. It's, these people don't listen, and now things are developing this, and Liu Luo has no way.

"Li Kai, today we will not kneel, I don't believe that Chen Mo is really removing you, is your father not to know the education bureau? Let's go to find someone!"

Gao Feifei quickly walked to Li Kai's side and shouted with Li Kai.

If Gao Feifei does not say these words, Li Kai may really give Chen Mo for his dignity.

But when Li Kai heard the words of Gigfifi, I didn't want to think that I was directly kneeling in front of Chen Mo.

After all the people saw Li Kai, all were in the original place, and the expression on the face was very shocked.

Who can think of the famous Li Kai, a famous Li Kai, a great name in Nanyang University, actually in front of the poor silk that can only rely on the garbage to maintain life?

Is this not the story that the TV series will appear in the TV series?

Even Gaffield himself is also a face, because she can't understand why Li Kai suddenly squatted in front of Chen Mo.

Gao Feifei may not know, the reason why Li Kai will promise Chen Mo's default, that is, because his father has found a lot of relationships in the beginning, I have found a lot of relationships, and I have nodded to pour water, it is hard to nod. Li Kaiyuan entered Nanyang University.

If Li Kai, Dad knows that Li Kai is actually removed by the school, then Li Kai, Dad, may kill Li Kai directly, even if it is not killed, Li Kai's days will not be better.

So he just ago kneeling in front of Chen Mo.

Those students around saw Li Kai squatted, and the whisper was commented.

"Why is Li Shao to give Chen Mo's people?"

"Yeah, I remember that Li Shao didn't also grab Chen Mo's girlfriend, and let Chen Mo helped them to buy condoms? What is this?"

Several students asked very puzzled.

"You may not know? Li Kai, two of them, the two framed Chen Mo is a thief, and then surveyed by the principal of our school. Now the two are giving Chen Mo apologized!"

A girl in Chen Mo class was carefully returned to a word.

"It turned out to be such a thing!"

"I didn't expect Li Kai Zhao Hong Tao, they were actually this kind of person, but they still slammed people, Chen Mo is a thief, it is really too long ..."

"Yeah, although Chen Mo is really poor, but can not be so bullying!"

At this time, everyone stood in Chen Mo's perspective, accusing Zhao Hongtao and Li Kai.

Li Kai took his teeth on the ground and listened to the voice of these people. He didn't think so much from small to big.

"Li Kai, why do you want to give this kind of person? You hurry up ..."

Gao Feifei has no way to accept such things at all, and the rubbing is excited about Li Kai.

"Fifi, you don't worry about this, what should you do?"

Li Kai felt that he was already lost, and G G Gifei continued to make it.

"You are my boyfriend, why don't I do this?"

Gao Feifei shouted.

"I am falling into Chen Mo, it is my incoherent, I'm going to advice, I will promise Chen Mo before, you hurry out!" Li Kai seems to be a bit helpless.

"you……"

Gao Feifei looked at Li Kai, and his eyes were very upset. She didn't understand Li Kai, who had always been arrogant, and now I will be willing to kneel in front of Chen.

"Chen Mo, you hurry to let Li Kai!"

Gao Feifei turned his head in Chen Mail.

"Why do I let him get up, he is herself!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"You ... how do you don't have a face!" Gao Feifei was ignored by Chen Mo, and he was so good, and he screamed.

"I don't want my face?"

Chen Mer didn't even whisper, I didn't want to take a woman with Gaffield. Looking at Li Kai and Zhao Hongtao said: "You have two out of 5 o'clock this evening. If you let me know that you will get up in advance, I Still let the school to expel your two! "

"I ... I know!"

Zhao Hongtao looked at Chen Mo's low back.

Li Kai did not speak.

"Ok, let's go!"

Chen Mo looked at Meng Liangming and others shouted, and then turned to go outside the school.

"Chen Mo, you stand!"

Gao Feifei saw Chen Mia to go, and quickly reached out, Chen Mo.

"Do you have anything?"

Chen Mimi is calmly rushed on G G Gwe.

"Chen Mo, you don't think you have the principal, you can do it for what you want, I tell you that Li Kai is not you can get sin, you should now let Li Kai got up, otherwise you will regret it for a lifetime. of!"

Gaffield shouted with the lips emperor.

"I now let him get up, is he dare to get up?"

Chen Mo's faceless rushing to Gao Feifei.

"you……"

Gao Feifei was trembled by Chen Mo, reached out, but pointed to Chen Mo said: "Chen Mo, you don't think I don't know why you do this, you just choose to break up with you, then with Li Kai. , Do you think Li Kai will take me away from you? "

"..."

Chen Mo looked at the emotional Gao Feifei who was excited in front of him, but I didn't know what to say.

"Chen Mile, I told you that when I wanted to be with Li Kai, I was not Li Kai slammed me away from you. Why do you want to be with Li Kai?"

"..."

Chen Mo looked at G G Gfei still did not speak.

"Because I can't see a little hope on your body, you are a waste in my eyes. I know the waste everywhere, I don't want to have the kind of hardship with you."

Gao Feifei did not consider Chen Mo's feelings, and the tone shouted.

And Chen Mo is still quietly looking at G G G Gifei. In Chen Mo's eyes, the woman is too ridiculous. Chen Mo is thinking that if G G Gifei knows his true identity, the Gao Feifei is still courageous to say these words.

"How did you talk this person?"

There are so many people in the field, only Mingmei alone knows Chen Mo's true identity, so when she heard the words of G G Gifei, I couldn't help but I would like to follow Gaffee theory.

"How do I talk to you? I tell you that Chen Mo will be a poor egg poor, you are with such a person, you will regret it in the morning and evening!"

Gao Feifei shouted.

At this time, Gaffield's exquisite pretty face looks awkward, Chen Mo felt fortunately, Gao Feifei left himself, otherwise he was really terrible with such a woman.

"I will regret it?"

Mingmei can't help but laugh, I am sighing this G G Gifei is really ridiculous. I am now dreaming how to be with Chen Mo, but G G Gaffe said that she will regret it. This sentence is simply in the eyes of Mingmei. A large joke.

However, there is still a bit grateful to Gaofeffef, after all, if it is not Gaffield, take the initiative to leave Chen Mo, then you can't have access to Chen Mo's opportunity.

"You will regret it, I tell you that people like Chen Mo will not have a girlfriend."

At this time, Gao Feifei is completely crazy, and the look is excited to humiliate Chen Mo.

Chen Mo looked at G G Gifei for two seconds, and then walked directly to Gao Feifei, biting his teeth: "Gao Feifei, I tell you, people who really regret it are not someone, but yourself You will find out how stupid yourself now in the morning and evening. "

"I regret it?"

Gao Feifei didn't help but smirk after hearing this, then said with a small mouth: "What do I regret? Don't I regret it with your poor egg?"

"Who said that I am a poor egg?"

Chen Merger screamed. At this time, he finally couldn't control his anger in his heart. He wanted to show his identity, and then hit a Gao Fifi's face, let her understand what people talking now. .