Chapter 14: I am disappointing your mouth!

"Your shoes are dirty?"

Wei Xiaole heard Chen Mo's words, then I couldn't help it, and then the reaction will react to Chen Mo's means that I have been walking directly to Chen Mo's position.

Wei Ming sitting on the side also looked at Chen Mo at this time, and it seems that Chen Mo will come back to the end.

"Kid, you just said that your shoes are dirty?"

Wei Xiaolei is very provocatively challenged by Chen Mail.

"Yes."

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

"Brothers, this kid said that his shoes are dirty, what should we do?"

Wei Xiaole suddenly shouted.

"!"

The seven or eight younger brother in the private room rushed to Chen Mo's position.

And this time Wei Ming did not stop these people, almost a moment of these people directly gave Chen Mo.

"Chen Gongzi, said his shoes dirty, what do you mean by so many people?"

At this time, Du Tianhao walked into the room.

Wei Ming, who was placed on the sofa, playing mobile phone, suddenly turned back after hearing Du Tianhao, and then the whole person was like being petrified, stunned in the same place, the expression on his face was very incredible.

"What are you doing?"

Wei Xiaole didn't know Du Tianhao, and he was shouting at Du Tianhao.

"Snapped!"

Wei Xiaole was just finished, Wei Ming directly rushed to Wei Xiaole's, and the opposite hand was a slap in the face of Wei Xiaole, and then smiled and shouted with his eyes and shouted: "How do you fuck Hao Ge talking? I apologize to Hao Ge! "

"Hao ... Hao Ge?"

Wei Xiaole was somewhat in the palm of Wei Ming, and I couldn't help but looked at Du Tianhao. I said: "Big Brother, what do you do? What is Hao?"

"!"

Wei Ming lifted his legs, it was a foot, directly in Wei Xiaole's face, and then said that he was very excited: "This is Du Tianhao, Hao Ge!"

"Du ... Du Tianhao?"

Wei Xiaole was completely stupid after hearing the words of Wei Ming.

Moreover, not only Wei Xiao Le is stupid, everyone is in the original place, and the expression is very incredible to look at Du Tianhao's position.

Who can think of that Nanyang City makes countless people to smell the bold social big brother Du Tianhao actually appeared in this place.

"Hao Ge, I ... I am wrong, I just don't know if you come over, I ... I know, I just don't dare to talk to you so much ..."

After the reaction, Wei Xiaole was taking a straight emotionally excited that the expression was very excited to the ground.

"Hao Ge, you ... how do you suddenly come here?" Wei Ming swallowed his mouth and asked Du Tianhao.

"I am coming to Chen Gongzi. I heard that you have someone who has sinned Chen Gongzi!"

Du Tianhao returned to a calm.

"Chen ... Chen Gongzi?"

Wei Xiaole, who was squatting on the ground, didn't help but stop, then suddenly responded, look up to Chen Mo's position, face as gray.

Chen Mai stepped into the face of Wei Xiaole, then loudly rushed to Wei Xiaole said: "Before this private room, you seem to like to humiliate. I am not?"

"Chen Gongzi, I ... I know is wrong, I have a look, I don't know if you still know the Hao Ge, I want to know, I ... I said nothing dares to talk to you!"

Wei Xiaole can think of it is a poor boy who is smashing in his eyes. At this time, he turned into a change, and he became Chen Gongzi in Du Tianhao.

However, he nowhere to consider these problems, only while holding Chen Mer, while holding Chen Mo's head.

"Do you hear it with you?"

Chen Mo said calmly rushed to Wei Xiaole asked.

"What do you say?"

Wei Xiaole heard Chen Mo's sentence couldn't help but stunned, then suddenly looked up at Chen Mo.

Chen Mo directly extended his right foot to Wei Xiaole, and then faintly said: "I said to you, my shoes seem to be a bit dirty ..."

Wei Xiaole was swallowed, and then turned his head to Wei Ming, and he could only try to seek Wei Ming's help.

But Wei Ming's heart is very clear about Du Tianhao, Du Tianhao can respect Chen Mo so respectful, indicating that Chen Mo's identity background is absolutely very horrible.

"Chen Gongzi said his shoes dirty, did you not hear?" Du Tianhao shouted.

"Listen ... I heard ..."

Wei Xiaole was scared to shake, and he quickly slowly wanted to give Chen Mo's shoes.

However, when Wei Xiaole's mouth is about to encounter Chen Mai's shoes, Chen Mo suddenly moved his right foot, Wei Xiaole's eyes flashed, and quickly move his head.

But Chen Mo has moved the shoes.

"Chen ... Chen Gongzi, you ... what do you mean?" Wei Xiaole looked up at Chen Mo and asked Chen Mail.

"I am too dirty!"

Chen Mo fell back.

Wei Xiaole was directly in the original place after hearing Chen Mo, said that Chen Mo said: "To the right, Chen Gongzi, my mouth, can't help your shoes ..."

"The shoes don't have you to add, make yourself twenty slaps!"

Chen Mo's light rushed to Wei Xiaole.

"Good ..."

Wei Xiaole was already scared by Du Tianhao, at all, did not dare to reverse Chen Mo's meaning, slap the palm of his face, and slapted a slap in the palm of the palm, seeing everyone shocked.

After the ten slams, Chen Mo directly got up and looked at Du Tianhao's position, whispered: "Xiaoli, let's go!"

Wei Ming was scared by Chen Mo, who couldn't help but scare a cold sweat. Who can think of Chen Mo's shouting in Nanyang City, the big brother Du Tianhao, Du Tianhao, which makes Wei Ming more curious. Chen Mo's identity.

"Good Chen Gongzi!"

Du Tianhao agreed, and then walked outside the private room with Chen San.

Wei Ming stunned, and then quickly picked up 40,000 yuan on the table, quickly ran to Chen Mo's side, laughing at Chen Mima: "Chen Gongzi, today is too embarrassing We don't want to break up, you don't have a very large amount of knowledge, this money, you still take it! "

"You are holding, I don't know this!"

Chen Mo said that he returned to a slap, and even looked at the money in Wei Ming, he left.

Wei Ming took 40,000 yuan of money, standing in the same place, I don't understand in my heart. If Chen Mo is really like Wei Xiaole, it is just a poor boy who lives in a waste of waste. How can Chen Mo? How can I don't care about the 40,000 yuan?

Wei Xiaole took his face and his face was abnormally wronged.

......