Chapter 148: Is it still not?

The day does not fall in the bar.

Chen Mo couldn't help it after hearing young, and then turned his head asked: "Do you have anything?"

"..."

The youth squinted up and down, I got it, I didn't answer Chen Mo's problem, but I called Li Kai asked: "Xiao Kai, is this person you just told me Chen Mo?"

"Yes, Sun Ge, is him!"

Li Kaihong took the teeth back to his eyes.

Before the school, Chen Mo Li Li took the people, and Li Kai did not know that Chen Mo's true identity, so he was still thinking about how to returns Chen Mo at this time.

Li Kai felt what relations were there in the school, so Qian Ze Lin will help Chen Mo, so Li Kai is preparing to use his relationship to the society to deal with Chen Mo.

The grandson who just talk to Li Kai is a mixer he knows in the society.

Li Kai is just what is the problem in the society, and it will find this grandson to help him solve it. After the event, Li Kai will give this person as a compensation, the relationship between the two people is still very secure.

In order to be able to revenge Mo's humiliation, Li Kai borrowed 50,000 yuan from his own friends, I would like to let the grandchildren taught Chen Mo, let Chen Si's long exposure.

Sun Brother saw Li Kai to prepare 50,000 yuan, but still deal with a poor student, so I didn't want to agree.

But no one thought that Li Kai was just finished with Sun Ge, and Chen Mo sent it to the door!

"Sun brother, the original is Chen Mo let Li Kai will admit bad, today you must give Li Kai to a fair!"

Gao Feifei look excitedly shouted.

"Fifi, you can rest assured, Li Kai is my brother, I will never do this!" Sun Ge looked at G G Gifei back, and then got up directly to Chen Mo, and asked Chen Mail: " Is it bullied in your school? "

"What is the relationship with you?"

Chen Mo is calmly asked.

"What is the relationship with me?"

Sun Ge was a smirk, and then he pointed at Chen Mo's nose shouting: "You know if Li Kai is me? You even dare to bully, your kid is not full?"

"I don't even know, how can I know Li Kai is yours?"

Chen Mo felt that the question of this grandchor asked is abnormal, so some impatient back.

"Oh, I am in, your kid is very busy!"

Youth looked at Chen Mo shouted, then said that the tone was very arrogant: "I tell you, my name is Sun Bo, is Li Kai's big brother, you bully Li Kai in the school, you should give me something. An account? "

"What do you want?"

Chen Miman is arbitrarily asked.

"It's very simple, are you not letting Li Kai gave you a mistake? You now give my brother to my brother, today, I haven't finished it, I have not finished with you ..." Sun Bo pointed Chen Mo's nose shouted.

"If I don't want it?"

Chen Mo asked.

"!"

Sun Bo listened to Chen Mo's sentence to pick up a bottle of red wine from the table, and then smashed the beads and rushed to Chen Mo. "Little, today you don't give Li Kai, then you don't want to go out. This private room! "

The rest of the young people in the private room heard the phrase of Sun Bo, and he stood up, and the anger was rushing to watch Chen Mo, and it is possible to move the hand.

The expression on Gaffi Feifei is very proud, and the heart is secretly thinking that there is no way to clean up Chen Mo in the school, so you can only pack Chen Mo by mixing the society like Sun Bo.

Sun Bo mixed in Nanyang City in the past few days, I heard that I have recently following a very powerful big brother, so Sun Bo wants to pack Chen Mo should be very simple.

"Ha ha……"

Chen Mo looked at Sun Bo, but he didn't understand why Li Kai Gao Feifei et al. After experiencing so many things, it is not long, and still wants to provoke themselves.

At the beginning, Chen Mo was at the entrance of Li Kai in Nanyang University.

And what kind of grandson is this, at this time, his behavior does not have any difference between Chen Mo's eyes.

"Chen Mo, where are you still doing? I can't give Li Kai!"

Gao Feifei held his shoulder cold voice in Chen Mo.

"Yeah, Chen Mo don't think you know two in the school, you can't afford it. Sun Ge is not what you can provoke. If you really put Sun Ge, you may have to climb it today. Here! "

Xu Jiao also looked at Chen Mei shouted.

Liu Luo sat on the sofa, the expression seems to be a bit nervous.

"I advise you to put down your wine bottle in your hands, or you will regret it!"

Chen Mo said with Sun Bo.

Because this is the bar of Lin Qiushui, Chen Mo is not going to have a lot of things here.

"Kid, I don't have any mood to talk nonsense, I have three numbers, if you haven't apologized Li Kai, then don't blame me!"

Sun Bo looked at Chen Mo shouted.

Li Kai went to Chen Mo's face directly, then whispered: "Chen Mo, are you not very arrogant in the school? You continue to arrive now!"

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Li Kai, he really didn't understand why Li Kai was still looking for.

"three!"

At this time, Sun Bao shouted.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Sun Bo and did not move, there was no meaning.

Gao Feifei looked disdainful, she felt that according to Chen Mo's vesicular personality, I definitely not wait for Sun Bo to finish the three counts, I scared directly to the ground.

"two!"

Sun Bo continued to shout.

Chen Mo still did not respond.

"One!"

Sun Bo shouted the last number.

Gao Feifei looked at Chen Mo's eyelid, because she didn't think that Chen Mo didn't really kneel, and still stood in the same place.

"Little scorpion, since you don't kneel down, don't blame me!"

Sun Bo shouted, then lifted the wine bottle in his hand and smashed the past.

" !"

But still waiting for wine bottles in Chen Mo's head, the door between the bags suddenly pushed away from the outside.

Everyone heard that the door couldn't help but stunned.