Chapter 130: Because I?

After listening to the ringtone of the ringtone, Chen Mo did not choose ignored and continued to take off.

"Chen Mo, your phone rang ..." Lin Qiushu hesitated, and said softly, he said.

"Don't worry about him!"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"It should have any problems so late, you still have something to listen to, let's talk about it, don't worry!" Lin Qiushu said softly, said with Chen Mo.

"call……"

Chen Mo took a sigh of relief, and the person who called himself in his heart was a few times, and took out the phone from the clothes.

When Chen Mo saw the name on the phone, they were directly stunned, because people who called themselves were not someone else, they were their own fiancee Su Mu Bai.

"It's so late, do you have anything to call me?" Chen Mer is connected to the phone and asked softly.

"Chen Mo, Tomorrow, Tomorrow, you come to my company to find me, remember to put your ID card and the account, we can get the certificate!" Su Mu Bai said some tired.

"your company……"

"The company address, I will send you a message to you, you don't be late!" Su Mu, knew what Chen Mo had to ask, so I interrupt Chen Mo's words.

"OK, I know!"

Chen Mo nodded.

"see you tomorrow!"

Su Mu Bai fell back, and then hanged the phone directly.

Chen Mo saw that the phone was hanging up, slowly put down the phone, and then turned to see Lin Qiushui.

At this time, he suddenly felt some self-blame, although he and Su Mu Bai were just a couple of couples, but people Su Mu did never did something sorry for their own things, but he was lying with a woman. Do this in bed!

If you change a angle, this time, Su Mu-white bed is also lying on a man, is Chen Mo accept it?

Chen Mima must have no way to accept it. Even if someone is with Su Mu, Chen Sile will be very uncomfortable, let alone a man who is lying in Su Mu-white?

A feeling of guilt to the heart is alive in Chen Mo's heart.

"Who gives you a call?"

Lin Qiushui also noticed that Chen Mo's inconsishes, couldn't help but asked Chen Mail.

"Qiu Water, you may not help you this matter!"

While Chen Mo said, I reached out and picked up my clothes on the side.

"Why? Just, are we not saying it?"

Lin Qiushi heard this after heard this, and his expression was screaming in Chen Mo.

"Actually, I have always had a fiancee, and I will have to pay with her tomorrow. I don't think it is a little sorry, so I can't help you!" Chen Mo worn clothes and whispered.

"Do you still have a unmarried wife?"

Lin Qiushu looked very uncomfortable, because she thought that Mo's poor silk should have no girlfriend!

But I didn't expect Chen Mo, did not have a fiancee!

"Well, I have always had a fiancee, I am sorry to have autumn water!"

Chen Mo said.

"..."

Lin Qiushu looked at Chen Mo's two seconds, then whispered: "It should be said that people can't afford to be, but I don't know if you already have an unmarried wife. If I know, I will never let you Help me this busy ... "

"Qiushu Sister, in fact, I have just been impulsive, I think there is since you want to escape your parents' marriage, you should find someone you really like, and then with him, you should not use such extreme methods. ! "

Chen Mimi said very seriously, rushing to Lin Qiuwei.

"My situation, you may not know very well, I also want to find a man I really like, but there is no way, I have never found it ..." Lin Qiushui helplessly smiled, then continue: "OK, if you have nothing You can go now, maybe this is my life, in fact, I have to marry it in the morning and evening. My mother will still have the man who introduced me this time. I will be good ... "

Although Lin Qiushuo said so, Chen Mo can feel that Lin Qiushui is very unwilling.

"Autumn Water, if you have a boyfriend now, will your parents still urge you to get married?"

Chen Mo stunned, rushed to Lin Qiushui.

"Look at what they like, I like this boyfriend. If you like, you will not remind me to marry others. If you don't like it ..." Lin Qiushui stopped, then slowly said: " If I don't like it, I have been marrying him, I think my parents will not agree ... "

"So this is ah!"

Chen Miman nodded.

"In fact, my parents are so anxious to get married, but just want to see the following people, they are afraid that I am so single ..." Lin Qiuwei said slowly.

"Qiushu Sister, I have a way now, you can make you don't have children, you can make your parents don't remind you to get married!"

Chen Mo looked at Lin Qiushui.

"Really fake? What is the way?"

Lin Qiushui asked some excited.

"I am going to pretend that your boyfriend is not the line? In this case, you will insist that you have to be with me, even if they feel poor, they can't let you marry others, then wait until you find you liked. People, you can say that I will break up with me! "Chen Mo smiled and said in Lin Qiuwei.

"Yes, why didn't I think of your approach?"

Lin Qiushui looked at Chen Mei's great achievements.

Before she didn't think about how she didn't get married, but she didn't think she can fully find a fake boyfriend to temporarily stabilize her parents.

If your parents know that they already have a boyfriend, even if you are not happy, you can't continue to ask Lin Qiushui to others.

"Chen Mo, you said this way, when did you have time, I will take you to see my parents, then say that you are my boyfriend!" Lin Qiushui is very happy to rush through Chen Mo.

"Row!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

"That is really much thanking you, this money, you are holding!"

Lin Qiushu saw that Chen Mo helped him solved a big trouble, I was very grateful to Chen Mo, and I quickly picked up the cash above the table.

"Qiushu Sister, just now, I also touched you, I will help you solve this matter, we will be flattering, so you will take it back!"

Chen Mo fell back.

This 100,000 yuan is nothing big for Chen Mo, but it is not very small for Lin Qiu Water, so Chen Mo's pressure is not intended.

Lin Qiushu couldn't help but remember his own things that Chen Mo's bed, pretty shy and red.

"Okay, autumn water sister, if there is nothing, I will go first!"

Chen Mo looked at Lin Qiushu laughed, and then turned directly to the outside of the villa.

Lin Qiushi took a stunt to look at Chen Mo's back, and the eyes flashed in the eyes. Because Lin Qiushui found that Chen Mo seems to be just like a poor silk, or if Chen Mo is in his hand. Not interested?

......

After leaving the villa, Chen Mo stopped a taxi back to home.

Chen Mer is lying on the wooden bed of hard Bangbang, recalling Lin Qiushui's graceful figure, and there seems to be some lost. If it is not because of Su Mu Bai's phone, Chen Mo should still The big bed is sleeping with Lin Qiuwei, is it?

"Hey, inexplicably encounters such a thing, do not want these, tomorrow, you have to take the certificate with Su Mu Bai!"

Chen Mo sighed, and then closed his eyes slowly.

Nine hours the next morning.

Chen Mo took his ID card and the account called Su Mu Bai gave him the address sent by him last night. It is a cosmetic company.

The company is not small, and there are almost five or sixty people.

After entering the company, Chen Mo is also very good.

"Mr., Hello, is you looking for someone?" The little girl at the front desk rushed to Chen Mail.

"I am coming to find Su Mu Bai!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"Ah, Su Shi is now meeting, please go to the lounge!" The front desk quickly said.

"Great!"

Chen Mo nodded, and then walked into the lounge.

The small beauty of the front desk is very enthusiastic to poured a glass of water.

Chen Mer sits on the chair in the lounge, simply observing the environment inside the company.

After a while, Chen Mo put the sight in the location of the company's conference room.

Because the outside of the conference room is a glass door, Chen Mo can see Su Mu, who is meeting, but he can't hear what Su Mu Bai said.

When Su Mu Bai, the expression on his face seems to be a little excited, and there is a middle-aged man with glasses.

"What is the trouble you touched by Su Many?"

Chen Mer couldn't help but wonder the heart.

"Chen Mo?"

At this time, Chen Mimi suddenly remembered a familiar voice.

Chen Mo stunned, and then he saw himself and found someone else to talk to himself. It is the cousin of Su Mu Bai.

"How did you come to my company?"

Su Yucu went to Chen Silen, and the expression couldn't understand.

"This is my unmarried company, I want to come!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"you……"

Su Yucu glanced at Chen Mo, then whispered: "You really don't want your face, you just have a sister with me, just a couple of husband and wife, you don't always play the name of my cousin fiance. ...... "

"You know, don't know what happened this?" Chen Mo did not mood with the sater of the jade, hesitated to meet the meeting room.

"You still have a face? Not all because you look like this!"

Su Yun Yu heard Chen Mo's sentence as if it was more angry, and he glared in the big eyes of Water Wang.

"because I?"

Chen Mo lived, and the expression was a little confused.