Chapter 59: This makes people really know!

Zhao An'an Liu Ruomang Liang three people left the classroom with Chen Mo, and the expression on the face was very unexpected.

Because they really don't understand Chen Mo's Liu Lui, why did Chen Mo's bed.

Although Liu Di did not directly admit this thing directly, since Liu Luo can be so excited, Chen Mo leaving, then she has admitted all this.

"Chen Mo, what is your way with Liu Luo?"

Meng Liang is really a bit can't help but walks to Chen Mail, and asked Chen Mail.

"Yeah, Chen Mo, Liu Luo will take the initiative to go to bed with you?" Liu Rui asked curiously.

Chen Mimei watched the two people, and then kids the prior to Wei Xiaole and others, and later gave Chen Mo's call asked Chen Mo to save their things simple.

Although Chen Mo is now not wanting to expose his identity in front of Meng Lai, Liu Rui, but Chen Mo thinks that this is still nothing wrong.

Meng Liang suddenly realized after listening to Chen Mo's explanation, and quickly said: "That Liu Di is actually in order to repay your 40,000 yuan, so will it take the initiative to go to bed."

"Well, but I am not very interested in Liu Luo, so I didn't touch her. I didn't think about it with others, but today Liu Di is too bitter, I haven't controlled it. I have said this! "

Chen Mo's light explained.

"So this is ah!"

Liu Rui nodded and nodded, and the doubts in his heart were unlocked.

This statement of Chen Mile is still very reliable in Liu Rui Mengliang, because if it is not the case, how can it always be arrogant? How can I take the initiative to bed with Chen Mo?

"But Chen Mo's 40,000 yuan coming from?"

At this time, Zhao An'an seems to be aware of some unsatisfactory, frowning softly asked Chen Mail.

"Yeah, Chen Mo, last time you said that you are because of the lottery, so you can go to Ming Grand Hotel to eat, but you spent 100,000 yuan in the last time, these 40,000 pieces Where are you coming? "Meng Liang also responded to it, looked at Chen Mail.

"amount……"

After Chen Mail listened to this sentence, I couldn't help but stunned, and then whispered: "In fact, I didn't tell you the truth, I bought a lot of money, I spent more than 100,000, the rest More than 40,000 to save Liu Luo Xu Jiao two, so I have already spent the money in the lottery ticket now ... "

Zhao An An Meng Liang Liu Liang looked at Chen Mo, his face was very incredible, and they did not think that Chen Mo's luck who was already seen as a poor silk, and it was more than 150,000. The award.

You know, in Nanyang University, a regular student's living expense is between two thousand to three thousand, only a very family condition is good for a month to get more than 3,000 living expenses, so Chen Mo said ten times. 50,000 this figure, in Liu Rui, it is simply an astronomical figure.

More to make them feel can't understand, Chen Mo has been in the middle of the money, all spend all, please eat, save Liu Luo Jiao, is not used!

Three people don't know how Chen Sime thinks, it is difficult to be Chen Mai for so many years, now I don't know how to spend it now.

Although I don't know why Chen Mo will waste these fifteen thousands, but their hearts still think that Chen Mo's statement is very reasonable.

"Chen Mo, since you have this money so much, why didn't you save these money? Leave it to help you improve your life is good ..." Zhao Anan seems very distressed Chen Mo, since Chen Mo is all like this. Wasted, frowning, said with Chen Mo.

"This money itself is an unexpected wealth, I waste it, but there is no loss to me!"

Chen Mai helpless explained.

"But if you don't waste this money, you don't have to pick up the garbage, you can also buy a new dress, so everyone will not look down on you!" Zhao An'an continued to say.

"When you change your clothes, you will look at my eye."

Chen Mo listened to Zhao An'an, I couldn't help but laugh, and then continue to say: "You think too simple, they look down on me, not because of my clothes, but they are not willing to accept me is not poor. This fact, if I bought a expensive dress with this 105,000, they will feel that I may be a group, even if I believe I bought it I, they will feel I am a stupid, but I will not change them to look down on me! "

Zhao Anan looked at Chen Mo in front of himself, and she suddenly stunned. She suddenly felt that Chen Mo said these words seem to be a bit.

"Not everyone wears expensive clothes, you can turn into princess, I am wearing this broken clothes. You will still choose to stay with me when I am, and those who look down on me, even I change it. Expensive clothes, they still look down on me! "

Chen Mile stopped and then continued: "I think my clothes are quite good, I don't have to change because of someone else's eyes!"

"In fact, I think Chen Mo said it is quite reasonable, and this thing is good. As long as I like it, I don't have to change myself because of others' eyes!" Meng Liang seems to agree with Chen Mo's idea, laugh Say.

"Hey, even if Chen Mo doesn't want to buy clothes, you can use this money to do something else, it is not necessarily to be wasted!" Zhao An'an said something.

Chen Mo, clearly, Zhao Anan said that these things were for themselves, so there was no anti-revision, and took out the mobile phone to see the time, whispered: "What, I am a little thing, I will go first!"

After that, after I finished this, Chen Mo took the steps to go to the school's northeast door.

At this time, Chen Miman didn't have a mood to discuss how many of them had to spend their own fewers. After all, Chen Mo's hand is not a $ 150,000, but hundreds of tens of millivements, Chen Mo is still still In the fears of Wen Rui.

As for the problem, I didn't change clothes. Chen Mo didn't think about buying a good look, but later Chen Mo felt that this dress was quite good. At the very least, he would let him see the true face of oneself, this is also Why did Chen Mo have never selected the reasons for changing clothes.

After a few minutes, Chen Mo came to the Northeast Gate of Nanyang University.

Because the students passed by the Northeast Gate, Du Tianhao deliberately stopped the car in this place, and the purpose is to prevent other students from seeing Mo's contact with themselves.

Du Tianhao this person is very delicate, and Chen Mo has always been aware that he has been hidden.

Chen Mo found Du Tianhao's Mercedes-Benz, directly opened the door on the door.

"Chen Gongzi!"

Du Tianhao saw Chen Mo, shouted very respectfully.

"How is the person you surveyed?"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"Chen Gongzi, let's talk about the Nanyang Wei Gongzi of the seafood platform, this person is a bit interesting, and Chen Gongzi, you should also know this person!"

Du Tianhao talked out of the front of Chen Mo asked.

"I also know this person?"

Chen Mail can't stand this, and then reached out and took the information.

When Chen Mo saw the photo above the information, it was not able to smile, and then laughed and said softly: "I really know this person ..."