Chapter 110: Do I need to knock on the door?

Class within the class.

Everyone saw Zhao Hongtao found Zhao An'an's wallet from Chen Mai's desk, caught in a chaotic.

Although there are many students who have already secretly suspect that the thief in the school is Chen Mo, after all, Chen Mo has recently changed the changes in these days, spending a big hand, is not like a poor student who relying on the life of the life.

But when they really determine that Chen Mo is a thief, it is still a bit surprised.

"I didn't expect this Chen Mo actually really thief!"

"Yeah, this Chen Mo is too disgusting. Although it looks at the poor when he is in the school, it is still honest. I didn't expect him to be such a person?"

"In fact, I have long guess this Chen Mo is not a good thing. Otherwise, he invites him to eat. Where is the money? Come on the bottle?"

Several students were privacy whispered.

Meng Liang Liu Rui twisted Chen Mo, his eyes were incredible, they did not believe that Chen Mo did really make such a thing.

And the two of Zhao Anan Yan is a face of a face.

"Teacher Yan, is the money?" "Zhao An An said. He asked."

"I am not very clear now!"

Yan Hue has been so many teachers, what kind of student has seen it, but only Chen Mo is very rare, in her eyes, Chen Mo's character is very nice, the most likely the color is very trusting Chen Mo, but this When people, people are got, and Yanme does not determine that Chen Mo is not a thief.

"Is there any hardships in Chen Mo's home?" Zhao An'an continued.

Yanme glassed his head, and she didn't want any comments.

Gaffeffi Li Kai Xujiao and others have a very proud, planning for so long, and finally looked at Chen Mimei, how many people may be unhappy!

Chen Mo saw Zhao Hongtao found the wallet from his desk, the expression is still very calm, and the owner who is in the eyes is observed, and the expression of these people is secretly remembered.

Maybe this time, you can easily see the essence of a person.

"It seems that today's real scenes will take behind that Li Kai Gadfifi, or how can they just be surprised at all, but they just be shocked!"

When Chen Mo saw Gao Feifei Li Kai and others, they secretly sighed.

Chen Mo has always thought about it. It was the first G Gaffield first sorry himself, and Li Kai grabbed his girlfriend. She never had anything sorry for them, but they two but again. And the three is difficult.

"Square, this is not your wallet!" Zhao Hongtao shouted with Zhao An'an.

"..."

Zhao An'an couldn't believe everything you saw, a pair of beautiful and dead staring at Chen Mo, seems to be waiting for Chen Mo's explanation.

Zhao Hongtao saw Zhao An'an without talking, directly opened the wallet, and the cash inside was exposed to everyone's sight.

"Qian Director, now this Chen Milim is a person and get it? Do you want how to deal with this?"

Zhao Hongtao saw Zhao An'an without talking, and yelled in Guangfa.

"Okay, I didn't expect your kid to look at it. I still make such a thing. You will go to the Academic Affairs Office now, then I will discuss with other teachers, how to deal with you? ! "

Qian Guang sent an emotional shouting.

Academic Affairs Office!

After listening to these three words, students have exposed fear.

Because the students have made mistakes, they will be taken to this place a good lesson. Basically, they don't have anything to come in.

"Money Director, I think this Chen Mo should teach well, maybe other money from our school are also stealing!"

Zhao Hongtao shouted in Guangfa.

"I know what should I do!"

Qian Guangfa snorted, then looked at Chen Mo's shout: "Okay, your kid will go!"

"I want to see the principal!"

Chen Mo said calmly rushed to Qian Guangfa.

"What do you want to do?" Qian Guangxi asked.

"I said I want to see the principal!"

Chen Mo repeatedly, then continued: "According to school regulations, once you find a student stealing, you should directly hand it to the principal to handle it, and you will take the school's punishment, and the light is in the school, so I have to see the principal now!"

When Chen Mo was enrolled in school, I was worried that I didn't get a poverty in a poverty, so I remembered every school rule in my heart.

If Chen Mo is now going to the Academic Affairs Office with money, it must not be a poisonous, and money is a good person, even if Chen Mo's right is big, it is unclear, so Chen Mo is very simple, that is directly From the principal of the school.

As long as the principal is done, the remaining people is just some jumping beam clown.

"Oh, okay, you don't know this rule, then, then take you to see the principal!" Qian Guangfa looked at Chen Mo smiled, if this is handed over to the principal, then Chen Mo is definite It will be directly removed, so you can also trouble yourself.

Li Kai Gao Feifei et al. After hearing Chen Mo took the initiative to see the principal, there was a lot of flowers in the heart, this is not to show yourself to die?

"Let's go!"

Qian Guangfa said in Chen Mo.

"..."

Chen Mimo walked at Zhao Hongtao faintly, and then walked directly to the classroom directly.

When Chen Mo passed by Yan Mei, Yanme suddenly reached out Chen Mo, then rushed to Chen Mo: "Chen Mo, you tell me the truth, is this money is not you stolen?"

"No ..."

Chen Mer shook his head.

"Then you will see the principal, don't say, I will do my best to help you!" Yan Xia said very seriously.

"Thank you!"

Chen Mo listened to the words of Yanme, somewhat touched, and walked out of the classroom after smile.

......

After a few minutes, Qian Guangfa took Chen Mai to the front of the President of Nanyang University.

"You are waiting here, I will go in ..."

Qian Guangfa Zhang said to talk to Chen Mo.

Chen Mer is reached out, pushed the door of the principal's office, and then walked into the office.

"Your kid stands!"

Qian Guangfa saw that Chen Mo came in so, and quickly shouted.

But it is already too late, Chen Mo enters the principal's office, I don't want to think that a butt is directly sitting on the chair opposite the desk, and the attitude is very arrogant.

There were other students in the class before watching themselves, Chen Mo has been hiding the identity.

But at this time, there is only two people in the office, and the principal is two people. Chen Mo is naturally not hidden.

"Who are you? Why don't you knock on my office?"

The principal of Nanyang University seems to be shocked by Chen Mo, and there is some angry asked.

"Do I need to knock on your office?"

Chen Mo's eyes faintly returned.