Chapter 55: Who is crying to go to bed with her?

In fact, Zhang Feng has been with Wen Ruo's blank today. After all, Zhang Feng is busy for so long, spending so much money, in fact, I want to cheat the Wen Ruo.

Wen Ruo, I feel that I just knew Zhang Feng today. If I promised to be obvious with Zhang Feng, I didn't think it was, and there was Wen Ruo. I didn't know very well, so I would like to know each other.

But after this evening, Wen Rui has been completely touched by Zhang Feng, so there is some beginning to shake.

"If you want to give me a chance? I know that we have no longer have time, you think maybe some don't know me, but I really like you, I swear I will definitely Hello's!"

Zhang Feng saw Wen Ruo seems to have hesitated, continue.

"I ... I consider it?"

Wen Ruo's expression is very shy to Zhang Feng.

"If you are, what do you think about? I am not clear about you?" Zhang Feng asked some excited.

"You are very good for me, but I still have to consider it. After all, we have two time to know too short. Do you give me some time?" Wen Ruo is very nervous.

"Good, if you are, then you consider it!"

Zhang Feng's expression is slightly excited. He clearly can say these words, then it is definitely that Wen Ruo is already in order to promise himself, but the girl is a little more, so Zhang Feng has not continued to force forced Wen Rui, and the most important thing is that the time is still half an hour from Zhang Feng still clothes, Zhang Feng has no mood to continue to work with Wen Ruo.

"Great……"

Wen Ruo looked at Zhang Feng nodded.

And Zhang Feng did not pay attention to Wen Ruo, and immediately stopped a taxi and turned to the car.

"Zhang Feng, you ..."

Wen Ruo was also planned to send Zhang Feng to the hospital, but a blink of an eye, she found that Zhang Feng has already got a car.

Wen Rui looked at the slow disappearance of the taxi in his own sight. Although the Tiger and others were hitting the Zhang Feng, it was very sad inside today, but she passed. This matter is clear about two people.

One is Chen Mo, there is another one is Zhang Feng.

When I was in Wen Ruo, I can't determine how I rejected Zhang Feng's confession.

But at this time, Wen Rui felt that he had seen Chen Mo, and Chen Mo's performance was simply disappointed with Wen Ruo, but Zhang Feng moved Wen Ruo's mobilized.

Originally Wen Ruo, I still want to ask Chen Mo. If I want to agree with Zhang Feng, after all, Chen Mo is the only friend in Nanyang City, and her previous impression is also very good.

But after this, Wen Ruo's heart is full of good feelings of Chen Mo, and the convenience is all disgusted with disappointment.

After a moment, Wen Rui walked back to the community alone.

And the other side, the temptation of the taxi is also very good. Although he is inexplicably hitting a little today, he thinks if the Wen Ruo really can promise to follow himself, then he is also there today. White.

"Young man, don't you have to go to the hospital?" The taxi driver saw Zhang Feng and his face was blood, and the tone was worried.

"Don't go to the hospital, what hospital is going to hurt, you take me to Hongyun clothing rental!"

On one side of his face, Zhang Feng shouted.

"Oh, you will not go to the hospital like this, this young man ..."

The taxi driver sighed slightly, and then opened the car to rush to Zhang Feng.

And Zhang Feng took his mobile phone out and opened Nanyang University's post, edited a name "Today has successfully followed female ahead, only three days left with female anchors, continue to broadcast to everyone ! "s post.

After a while, Zhang Feng sent a post, and then the way, with a photo of himself smuggling today with Wen Ruo, and.

Although it is already more than ten o'clock in the evening, the post of Zhang Feng has just been sent out less than five minutes, and there have been more than three thousand points to say a word.

Zhang Feng looked at the message, showing a smile smile on his face.

......

At 8 o'clock the next day, Chen Mo came to Nanyang University Classroom.

When Chen Mo walked into the classroom, all students in the class were looked at Chen Mo with a different gaze, and the eyes were disdainful.

Chen Mo didn't need to ask, he knew what is going on.

"Hey, Chen Mo is coming? How is it so late? Are you not coming so early?" Xu Jiao saw Chen Mo's scratch.

"When did I have a relationship with you?"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"Are you classmates, people are not concerned about you ..." Xu Jiaojiao said.

"I don't need your relationship!"

After saying this, Chen Mo directly rushed to his seat.

"Chen Mo, last night, I have expressed your true face by our people. I didn't lie to my little girl's little girl. Isn't there a good time?"

Liu Di also followed.

Perhaps because yesterday's things have made Liu Di feel that he moved back to a city, so Liu Di also had courage to take the initiative to provoke Chen Mo.

"Is there anything you need?"

Chen Mo got up and down to Liu Di and asked calm.

"Nothing, I just want to ask if you have been expressed by us. After the heart is in the heart!" Li Lu smiled and said with Chen Mo.

"Nothing feel!"

Chen Mo fell back, and then continued to go to his seat.

"Don't go, Chen Mo, talk to everyone last night,? I have always been curious about how to talk to the girl of the music college, let people feel that you are a rich second generation!" Gao Feifei saw Chen Mo To go, I think that Chen Mo has been delayed at this time, so he will continue to laugh at Chen Mai, but also don't make it.

Chen Mile originally didn't want to overruption with Liu Di Gaffefi, who had taken things happened last night, but when he saw Liu Luo so he didn't make it, and then, he added Zhang Feng's things that were very uncomfortable. Therefore, Chen Mo stopped and looked at Liu Di.

"Chen Mo, you use this eye to see what I did? I was unconscious after we expressed it later? Do you dare to hit me?" Liu Luo was shocked by Chen Mo's eyes, and he couldn't help but retreated two steps. Chen Mail asked.

"Li Lui, are you forgotten that the clothes were taken in the hotel, crying and ask me to ask me to go to bed with her?"

Chen Mimi is very calm and asked with Liu Di.

"!"

This sentence is like a bomb to throw it into the classroom. It was originally ridiculed with Chen Mo's classmates in the future, and the expression on his face was very incredible.

Even Liu Di himself did not think that Chen Mo said this.

The whole person seems to be a magic being a magic, and standing in front of Chen Mo as a stone.