Chapter 58: Looking at the Dog

The students in the class have heard that Chen Mo actually wants Liu Di to stand up to help him testify, and it has been laughing, and the expression on his face is very speechless. No one thinks that Chen Mo will be stupid to this point.

The person who is filthy before Chen Mo is Liu Luo. Now let Liu Di help come out to testify, this is just looking for death!

After listening to Chen Mo, Liu Di regrets in the heart, and regret it before you have to take the initiative to provoke Chen Mo, if not because of your mouth, Chen Mo can tell these words?

If Chen Mo does not say this, Zhao Hongtao is not as exciting!

Now, Chen Mo actually lets he say that all students say that she really took off the clothes to go to bed, Liu Di felt that she had really acknowledged today, then there is no way. Made people!

So there is always hesitating in the heart of Liu Di, do you want to recognize this matter.

After a laughter, students have turned their heads to the position of Liu Di, they are waiting for Liu Di's answer.

However, Liu Rong didn't actually deny this thing like everyone's imagination, but still sitting in place, bittering his lips, a sentence not willing to say.

"Take the flute, what are you doing here? You now just shook your head, Li Kai will definitely let Chen Mo apologize!" Gao Feifei saw Liu Luo not talking, even quickly advised a sentence. .

In fact, Gao Feifei is also good, Li Kai is also good, the reason why these two people are so excited now, not completely want to help Liu Luo, they are only to retaliate Chen Mo's in the Jacques restaurant.

"I……"

After Liu Di hesitated, Zhang Wang just said.

"Liu Luo, I advise you to be honest, otherwise I will find Wei Xiaole again, even if there are 40,000 yuan, I will make you pay for it!"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly opened the cold voice rushing to Liu Luo.

After listening to Chen Mo's sentence, Li Fu shouted with Zhao Hongtao Li Kai and others shouted: "You let Chen Mo, I don't want to apologize for Chen Mo, I don't want Chen Mo." "

She has just been hesitant to hesitate to lie, but it is also considering this. If you really say lying, Chen Mo can find Wei Xiaole to deal with him, when it is, Liu Luo can not be honored. Some have such a simple thing.

After the students in the class, after listening to Liu Di, all are all in the original place, and the expression on the face is very incredible.

Because everyone knows what the sentence is representative of Liu Di said!

Although Liu Di did not take the initiative, now she said this sentence also has no difference with the initiative!

"Small ... Trouf, are you crazy? Do you really want Chen Mo?"

Zhao Hongtao looked at the position of Liu Luo, and the expression was notified.

Li Kai Gao Feifei is also the same expression at this time. They want to understand why Liu Rong speak this sentence!

"Yes, let Chen Mo go!"

Liu Di still nodded with his tears.

Although it is very unllowed in the heart, this is the only choice for Liu Di.

"No, you can't let him go, he is so filled before, why do you want him to leave? It is definitely Chen Mo's threat to you, so you will do this is right?" Zhao Hongtao actually did something in a moment. These words that flute said, even quickly and quickly ran to Liu Di's body, and shouted.

"Yeah, small flute, this Chen Mo is threatening you? How can you take the initiative to go to bed with him?" Gao Feifei didn't have a way to accept Liu Di at this time, frowning softly asked.

"Don't you ask? Let Chen Mo go!"

Liu Di faces everyone's question, don't want to continue to be lost, after all, the classmates in the class are still looking at it, Liu Di is now explaining, the more you think.

"Triad, is it ... Isn't you really take the initiative to bed? How can this possible? How can you see Chen Mo's odor?" Zhao Hongtao actually did something in a moment, under the urgentity Say this sentence.

"..."

After hearing Zhao Hongtao, he was very cold, and he was so cold. It was a slap in the face of Zhao Hongtao. He shouted: "When I fuck, when did I say me?" Taking the bed with Chen Mo? Can you give me a clean? "Can you put your mouth?"

When Liu Luo, Liu Lu is full of anger. Although the cause of this thing today is because of the provocation of Chen Mo, it will cause Chen Mo to talk to Chen Mo's bed.

But if not because Zhao Hongtao has been adding salt and vinegar, it will not let Chen Mo are walking, things will never make so big!

Liu Di naturally has to vent the grievances in the heart to Zhao Hongtao.

After Zhao Hongtao has a very obvious slap in the face, the face has emerged on his face. The whole class is in a silent.

Who can think that the people playing in Liu Di at this time is not the one who has been filming her, but Zhao Hongtao, which maintained the reputation of Liu Luo everywhere.

Chen Mo saw that this scene was secretly felt a little funny. Zhao Hongtao, who was protecting Liu Luo, who was protecting Liu Luo, and Zhao Hongtao in this moment, maybe it is a slap in the face!

Just in the people, Zhao Hongtao may not be able to hang, will because this slap is flushing, Zhao Hongtao not only asked Li Luo to make himself, but they even smirked, then looked at Liu Di said: "Tria flute , What you mean is that you didn't take the initiative to bed on Chen Mo's bed? You didn't happen between your two? "

After listening to Zhao Hongtao, all of them were in the original place, and the expression on his face was abnormal.

I have to say that this Zhao Hongtao is really the end of the dog. It's so, I still have a relationship with Liu Luo. There is anything with Chen Mo's bed!

Chen Mo did not have a mood to talk nonsense with these people, and they walked directly to the classroom.

Zhao An'an Meng Liang Liu Rui and others have also followed Chen Mo from the classroom.

The students in the class did not expect that this matter today would end in this ending.

After leaving the classroom, Chen Mo's mobile phone ringtone rang, Chen Mage took the phone and found a call to Du Tianhao.

But because Liu Rui has Meng Liang and others are present, Chen Mo did not turn on the phone, but pressed the rejection.

Soon Du Tianhao sent a text message.

SMS content is: "Chen Gongzi, yesterday, you made me some people to investigate, I am now waiting for you in Northeast Nanyang University!"

After seeing the text message, Chen Mo has flashed a lot of excitement. After all, he feels that he is the most important thing to expose the true face of the hairdress of the hacking.