Chapter 27: My fiancee is a very beautiful woman?

Jacques restaurant.

The little beauty looked at the elegant beauty around him, and the expression on his face was very incredible.

Just, Duanzhuang's beauty said that people who opened their private bags in the Jacques restaurant, but her unsteady fiance, the hotel's manager said that the private room is open.

"Does Chen Mo is your mid-aener?"

The little beauty responded later, I couldn't help but slammed my little mouth.

"This is impossible ..."

Elegant beauty eyes flashed in the gods.

Although she didn't have seen my fiance, what is the person, but no matter how they are in Nanyang City, they are also a big family, and they are the only daughter of Sujia, how can his parents agree? Marry yourself to Chen Mo?

Even if you really want to marry, you have to be a son brother who came out of the Nanyang City.

"Walk, let's go see what is going on!"

After the little girl hesitated, he took the portrait of the portal girl and walked around the house.

After Li Kai Gao Feifei, Li Kai Gao, after seeing two beautiful leaves, the expression on his face was very unexpected, because they did not figure out how this is going on, they also want to understand why Chen Mo's poor will suddenly change It became a VIP in the Jacques Restaurant.

"Manager ..."

Li Kai's previous steps want to ask what is going on.

However, the class does not give Li Kai any face, directly turn around.

In fact, Zhang He did not take the initiative to retaliate Li Kai is already very good. After all, if it is not Li Kai Gao Fifi, it is impossible to crimes. Chen Mo.

I actually said that the chairman of the Jacques restaurant is a wasteful waste. This is also the ridiculous lie to Zhang He heard the ridiculous lie.

"Husband, what is Chen Mo going? How can he have money to eat this place?" Gao Feifei frowned in Li Kai.

"This is certainly used to use a manager. Let's know Chen Mo, even if he has a lottery ticket, but the last time in the Mussen hotel is almost the same, he can't have money at all. This place consumption! "Li Kai took the teeth and left a sentence.

"Then do we want to find a manager now understand the situation?"

Gao Feifei did not drive Chen Mo from here, and it was very unhappy in his heart and whispered.

"I think that Chen Mo should be tiered with this manager, you are now looking for a manager!"

Li Kai remembered that he had just faced his attitude. He made it clear that he is not a member of the Jacques restaurant, and there is nothing to speaking, so it is also looking for it.

"Hey……"

Gao Feifei heard that Li Kai's sentence couldn't help but sigh.

"You don't have to worry, the poor silk will always be a poor silk. He will show a flaw in the morning and evening. Let's wait to see his good play!" Li Kai huddled his eyes and loudly.

"What should we do now?"

Gao Feifei hesitated and asked softly.

"My friend should come over now, let's go!"

Li Kai looked at the mobile phone and faintly returned.

After a few seconds, Li Kai left G G G G G G Gifei left here.

......

On the other hand, the little beauty and dignity women run into the private rooms where they are in front of them.

After the two entered the bag, they were directly stunned, and the expression on the face was very shocked.

Because Chen Mo is actually sitting in the private room.

After seeing these two people came in, I also flashed a helplessness, I couldn't help but stand up and said: "Sister, how are you? Yesterday I fell, it is yourself, I hit me first. , And you will poured me to you, I will be on your body. Today, I will get the water on your face. I have already passionate you with you. What do you want to do? "

At this time, Chen Sime thought that he had to meet the fiancee. At this time, he saw the little beauty chasing his own private room, thinking that the little beauty still had to find his own trouble.

"You ... Why are you in this private room?"

The little beauty looked at Chen Mail.

"This is my private room, I certainly be here!" Chen Mo said and replied.

"No, I ask you, what do you do?" Xiaomei woman asked.

"Of course, it is of course for eating!"

Chen Mo didn't want the little beauty to know that he came to see the fiancee today. Otherwise, the little beauty will definitely be more trouble.

"Is there anyone in this restaurant?"

At this time, I have never been talking about Chen Mail.

"..."

Chen Mo listened to the elderly girl, I couldn't help but stunned, then nodded: "Yes, I just came to see a person!"

"Do you see people call Su Mu Bai?"

Elegant beauty will continue to ask.

"You ... how do you know?"

Chen Mer was in the original place, and the expression on his face was very incredible.

And the little girls have elevated beauty, after seeing Chen Mo confirmed, honest opposite each other, the face is extremely helpless.

The two of them are clear, Chen Mo is the fiancé who wants to see today!

"Cameard, you ... your fiancee is actually ... is it really this bastard?"

The little beauty rushed to Su Many in Su Many.

Su Mu-white stood in the land, the smile on his face was very bitter.

Although Su Mu Bi is not a woman who is too poor, I will have a good impression of Chen Mumei, I have no good impression in Chen Mima, according to my own cousin, solemn. Chen Mo is this unparalleled thing.

.

And Su Mu Bai stood in the same place with the two people of Su Mu, I didn't know how to describe my mood.

"Do you talk two? How do you know that people I want to see are Su Mu?"

Chen Mo's first step continued to ask.

Su Mu-Bai looked at Chen Mile for two seconds, then bite his red lips whisper: "Because I am the person you want to see!"

After Chen Mo listened to this, I felt that my brain was embarking, followed by a blank.

Before he did not see Su Mu Bai, Chen Sime has always been in the fantasy, what is the end of this unmarried wife, how is it?

But I didn't think of Mermaid, and the fiancee would be a very beautiful woman?

First inherited from trillions of the legacy, but also gave yourself a beautiful woman with a woman, Chen Mo felt that the things experienced by these people were like dreaming, not real and terrible!

......