Chapter 116: You need to pay the price!

Those students inside the class saw that Chen Mo Zhao Hong Tao's sauna has returned to the classroom, and believes that Chen Mo must have been explained. I recognize that I am a thief. Now I am going to the class, I am praying for him. Self-new opportunity.

So most people stand up to Chen Mo's bad language.

Chen Mo's hometown in the class is not very good. At this time, there is a thing of the past, and the students in the class naturally refuse to let Chen Mo.

Meng Liang and Liu Rui were sitting in the same place, at this time they seem to have no way to believe that Chen Miman turned this fact.

Qian Guangfa Qian Zelin did originally wanted to go to the stage to say this, but Chen Mo reached out and stopped these two people.

"Chen Gongzi, I will help you clarify now!" Qian Guangfa said in Chen Mo whispered.

"No, I like to look at these people's face of the stone, I will let them pay the price!"

Chen Mo fell back, and then went to the podium with steps, and looked at the students under the stage.

Chen Mo felt that only at this time, he can see the most realistic face of a person. He wants to remember each of you who humiliate his own, and then returns back.

And Qian Guangfa Qian Zelin and others see Chen Mo does not want them to participate in this matter, there is no quiet standing on the side.

However, Yan Mu felt a little wrong, because if Chen Mo is already expelled, Qian Guangfa should immediately announce this, how can it be standing aside?

"Money principal, what is this?"

Yanme hesitated, and asked softly to Qianze Lin.

"You will know in a while!" Qian Ze Lin faintly returned.

Yan Mermel, God seems to be more unfinished.

After the students in the class, after seeing Chen Mo walked on the podium, the expression on the face seems to be more excited.

"Chen Mo, what else do you have any faces back to the classroom? You have a thief like you, it is true for our class!"

"Yeah, I didn't expect Chen Mo. I said that he said how he suddenly changed, it was the money of stealing others!"

"Holding someone else is waiting outside, it is too much to face!"

Everyone looked excited to cry at Chen Mo's position.

Chen Mima has no expression on the podium, accepting everyone's accusation, and the root will continue to refute.

"Chen Mo, what is this going?"

At this time, a shadow ran from the outside of the classroom, and the tone was very unexpectedly asked.

"Nothing ..."

Chen Mimo watched his eyes and found that it was a Mingmei and Wei Jiaqi.

Mingmei and Wei Jiaqi two people have some long because of waiting for time, and there is no one to pick up the phone to Meng Liang, so they will come to the classroom to find them.

But the two have just come to the classroom to see Chen Mo's shame of everyone.

Meng Liang saw the Mingmei Wei Jiaqi after the two people, the eyes flashed a panic.

Because he thinks that if Mingmei knows Chen Miman, then the Mingmei will definitely go again from Chen Mile again, so Meng Liang quickly got up to Mingmei, and then slammed the Mingmei Wei Jiaqi said: "Jiaqi Mingmei, How did you come over? "

"Still not because you wait for it for so long, you haven't come out, so we have found it two ..."

Wei Jiaqi returned to a small mouth, then turned his head to Chen Mo's position, continued to ask: "Meng Liang, what is going on? What happened?"

"Amount ... In fact, there is no big thing, that is, some small mistakes, you will go alive!" Meng Liang was allowed to perfuse.

"Small misunderstanding, how do I look like? Chen Mo is not a matter?"

Wei Jiaqi wrinkled back to a sentence.

"No……"

Meng Liang did not finish, Gigfifei suddenly stood up: "You guessed, Chen Mo did make a matter, he stole the flight of our class, now we are discussing how to handle this" Chen Mo! "

Gao Feifei has long wanted to dismantle Chen Mo and Mingmei, before Yishengyuan Mingmei and Chen Mo's white gum will make G G Gfei feel very uncomfortable. At this time, Mingmei took the initiative, G G G Gifei will not let this opportunity.

"Chen Mo, you are a thief? I didn't expect you to be such a person. How can you make this kind of thing?"

Wei Jiaqi heard G G Gifei, and his expression was very incredible.

Chen Mo looked at Wei Jiaqi, did not reply.

At this time, I feel that my brain is obviously not enough. How can Chen Mo's rich second generation may be a thief? Isn't Chen Mo's money to steal?

This is obviously impossible!

One casually, I bought a super rich second generation worth more than 200 million villas, which would actually make this kind of thing?

Even if you kill Mingmei, she can't believe it!

"How? Is it dumbful now?"

Gaffield saw that Mingmei was in place, the expression seems to be more proud, shouting: "I have persuaded you before, this Chen Mo is not a good person, you just don't listen, now I regret it now? Chen Mo He is a thief, you still want to be with such a person, it is really ridiculous! "

"How can Chen Mo may be a thief?"

Mingmei's eyes are abnormal.

"Evidence is conclusive, the class fee is hidden in Chen Mo's desk, all of the classmates in the class also saw it, you won't believe it?" Gao Feifei said coldly.

"It's impossible, this is absolutely impossible!"

Mingmei knows Chen Mo's identity, she still doesn't believe that Chen Mimer will steal this little money.

"It seems that you are really not linked to Chen Mo ..."

Gao Feifei saw that Mingmei did not believe in himself, helpless shook his head.

"Ok, don't talk non-mails with Chen Mo, hurry out this person!"

"Yes, directly removing this kind of garbage, and he has to give all the money before the previously stolen!"

"The other theft incidents in our school are definitely doing this garbage!"

Students inside the class don't want to continue to discharge, and they have shouted.

Gao Feifei heard the words of everyone, he was directly twisted to Chen Mo, and he asked Chen Mail. "Chen Mo, every time, do you want to say?"

"Are you all finished?"

Chen Mo's line of parallel, asked calmly.

"..."

Everyone listened to Chen Mo's words, all stunned.

"Since all finished, then I said two sentences, I have just remembered that everyone who stands out, I have already remembered, I will pay for the words you just said!"

Chen Mo looked at the people to continue.

Those students who stand up look at Chen Mo, and the eyes flashed in the eyes, no one knows what Chen Mo said these words.

Chen Migan turned his head to the position of the money, whispered: "Qian Director, you tell them about the results of this matter!"

"Great!"

Qian Guangfa nodded gently, and then went to the podium with steps.