Chapter 70: Alarm?

"Chen Gongzi is here!"

Wang Yaoyao was busy standing up after hearing young, pointed to Chen Mojiao around him.

The youth reached out and wiped the sweat on the forehead, and then quickly walked to Chen Mo's face. The expression said respectd Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi, hello, I am the large customer manager of Nanyang Industrial and Commercial Bank, Zhang Ming!"

Miss sales in the sales office, after listening to Zhang Ming, there have been shocking expressions, and the heart began to secretly doubt that this Chen Mo is really a rich second generation.

Only the expression of Sun Wei is very disdainful with Sun Wei.

"I didn't expect Chen Mo's actor to play." Mingmei looked at Zhang Ming mini mouth, dressed in a professional manager.

"Yeah, this Chen Mo really is really painful, isn't it just want to cheat Wang Yaoyao to bed? As soon as this?" Sun Wei also said.

"Hello there!"

Chen Mo looked at Zhang Ming back to a sentence.

"Chen Gongzi, it is too embarrassed, I just have some traffic jams, so late!"

"Nothing, is there a check?"

Chen Mimi is calm and asked.

"Brought it ..."

Zhang Ming was busy nod, then took a check from his briefcase, whispered: "Chen Gongzi, Li Zheng has already been over, this check above the number you can fill in, our business Banks have always worked with Li, after you fill in the numbers, this check can take effect! "

"Chen Mo, when are you going to play?"

At this time, Mingmei suddenly opened Chen Mo shouted.

Chen Mo looked up and saw the Mingmei and did not speak, but took a check from Zhang Ming's hands. He handed it to Wang Yaoyao's hands. He said that he said: "Fill in the price of the house!"

"Ok ... ok!"

Wang Yao Yao nodded very excited, and then took out the pen to write the prices of the villas that Sun Wei said in the check.

"It's right for this check."

Chen Mimo asked Zhang Ming.

"Yes! It has taken into force!"

Zhang Ming was busy nodded.

Chen Mo passed the check from Wang Yaoyao, directly got up to Sun Wei's face, said that there was no expression: "I am bought now!"

"Ha ha……"

Sun Wei heard Chen Mo's words not only did not expose an amazing expression, but the opposite didn't smile unclaimed.

"Sun Wei, Chen Gongzi said with you, did you not hear? The villa Chen Gongzi bought it!" Wang Yaoyao shouted at Sun Wei.

Sun Wei took the check from Chen Mo's hand, and the expression of the expression glanced at the checks in his hand, faintly said: "I didn't expect your play. It is really very realistic. This check is also very realistic?"

"This lady, what does your sentence mean?"

Zhang Ming seems to be a little unfolbened.

"I mean, is you unclear in your heart? If I don't guess the wrong, you should be the actors who will come over. Isn't you? Is there anything you do? If I really put it now? I sold this villa to Chen Mo, then I am not a fool? "Sun Wei was worn on the cheek smile, because she felt that she had already seen everything.

"Check is fake?"

Zhang Ming's eyes flashed a speechless, and then said: "Ms., I think you have misunderstand? I am a staff member of the ICB, how can I take a check?"

"How do you prove that you are the staff of the ICBC?"

Sun Wei asked Zhang Ming asked.

"I……"

Zhang Ming heard this, and then quickly turned his own briefcase, but he found himself when he went out, even forgot to bring his own cardboard.

"You don't mean that you are the staff of the Industrial and Commercial Bank? Come, you have proved to show me now!"

The Mingmei Purchasing the Front Emoticated Rushing in Zhang Ming.

When Zhang Ming, his face was abnormal. This is still his first time, it will feel that he is a staff member who is pretending to be a business bank.

"I am really a manager of the ICB, but when I went out, I was in a hurry to bring my card!" Zhang Ming shouted.

"Oh, Chen Mo went out to take the bank card. When you go out, I forgot to bring a brand name. How do you use a set?"

Sun Wei couldn't help but smile, then threw the check in his hand into the ground, holding his shoulders, holding Chen Mo said: "Chen Mo, do you treat people in our sales office as a fool? Isn't it just found? A actor, then get a fake check, I want to lie to me here to buy a villa? It is really ridiculous. I worked in this sales office for so long, what kind of rich people have never seen Ah? Can you buy a villa here, I can see it in a glance, I still want to wear the second generation with me, it is really a ridiculous! "

Chen Mer sat in the place where the eyes looked at Sun Wei, and the expression on the face seems to have a bit helpless.

Because Chen Mo can think of Zhang Ming this person is so unreliable, a big customer manager is now unable to prove his identity.

"This lady, I am really a business bank. If you don't believe it, you can call the bank now!"

Zhang Mingwan did not expect things to develop into this way, and the expression shouted with Sun Wei.

"I don't think it is necessary to call banks!"

Mingmei suddenly shouted, then turned around and said: "The cousin, privately pretending to be a bank staff, private forgery check this is the behavior of the law, or I think it is better to call the alarm to call these people! "

"Yes, direct alarms grab these people!"

The remaining small ladies in the sales office, also shouted.

Wang Yaoyao heard Sun Wei and others to be alarm, it was panicked in an instant, and quickly rushed to Zhang Ming: "Are you not a manager of the Industrial and Commercial Bank? You hurry to prove yourself!"

"How do I prove now? I have encountered this kind of thing for the first time, I am a ticket to the check ..."

Zhang Ming shouted his expression.

"What will happen, do you still explain with the police!"

Sun Wei took out his own mobile phone while talking and wanted to call.

"Sun Wei, look at the colleagues, don't you call the police? This is definitely misunderstanding, how can Chen Gongzi may be a liar?"

Wang Yaoyao was also afraid, and Sun Wei said.

"Wang Yaoyao, you don't have to worry, I know that you are not a guy with this Chen Mo, you should be cheated by these people, after a while, I will give you prove!" Sun Wei fell back, then It is necessary to transfer alarm call.

"What do you need to be alarm?"

At this time, the position of the door entrance at this time suddenly came up with a middle-aged man's voice.

Sun Yu heard the middle-aged person, then he stunned, and then he watched his eyes and found that the people who came in were actually the general manager of the real estate company!

"Total, how come you come over today?"

Sun Wei put down his mobile phone and smiled.

"I have no matter today, so I will come and see, I still have to call you here, I will call it here. What is going on?" Middle-aged people asked without expression.

"That is like this, this person pretending to be the manager of the Industrial and Commercial Bank, and also took a fake check, I am going to alarm this side!" Sun Yanyu fingers Zhang Ming shouted.

Middle-aged people, I heard this call, I saw Zhang Mingyi, and then I immediately stopped, and I asked in the expression: "Manager, how are you here?"