Chapter 9: Gao Feifei has an accident!

Entering the room, Chen Mo's hair seems to be a bit more thought, because Wen Rui has already placed it on the table.

"How do you suddenly remember to ask me?" Chen Mo asked Wen Ruo.

"My sister is good today, I want to share with others, but I have no friends here, I will shout you!"

Wen Ruo smiled back and then said that today she happened to live in the live broadcast. Chen Mo has been quietly listening, and when I still have a very surprised look. After all, Wen Rui didn't know her mouth. The local might is Chen Mo.

"I don't know why the past is in the wind, how old is it!" Wen Ruo said softly, while eating snacks, he said softly to Chen Mo.

"There is money!" Chen Mo fell back.

"It is definitely a rich man, or it is impossible to brush me so much gift. You don't know. Today, when he gave me a gift in the live broadcast, I have a little heart, he wants a handsome guy. , My sister, even if I marry him! "Wen Ruo said softly.

Chen Mo listened to this sentence of Wen Ruo, and then asked softly: "Do you like rich people?"

"Who said? I don't like rich people!"

Wen Ruo is quickly reversed.

"Then why do you have a heart to Tu Hao?" Chen Mo asked.

"I am a heart to him because he can help me!"

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mo's voice and explained a sentence.

"Help you?" Chen Mo's micro-frowned.

"Yes, I ran out from my home a year ago, a person is lonely fight outside, I don't have anything else, I can only make some money to feed myself, but I never plan to sell because of live broadcast Your own dignity, I also have the bottom line, many people bullied me, but no one helped me, this past is the first person to help me on the network! "Wen Ruo is slowly said.

"Why are you running out from home?" Chen Mo smashed and asked softly.

"Also ... nothing!"

Wen Rui could pay a sentence, then looked at Chen Mo: "Okay, don't say my things, talk about you, I still don't know what your name is!"

Chen Mo briefly introduced himself, and then told himself to Gao Feifei.

Wen Ruoxi is unlikely, although Wen Ruo is better than Chen, but two people have a common language, while chatting while eating.

Until the morning two more macked, Chen Mo returned to his room, and then he went to sleep.

Apostated eight o'clock.

Chen Mo woke up by a ringtone.

Chen Miman was confused, and said softly: "Hey?"

"Chen Mo, you are crazy? Why haven't come to school yet, today's first lesson is the class teacher's class, why haven't you come over!" Meng Liang is very anxious.

"I slept late yesterday ..."

Chen Miman said helplessly shouted, and then hang up directly, started to wear clothes.

Chen Mo's at this time is a university. Many classes can not go, but the class of the class did not dare to go, because once if it was sent by the woman, the consequences may be very terrible.

That's right, it is a female goblin.

In the eyes of Chen Mo, his university class teacher is a woman like a fairy.

After half an hour, Chen Mer's panicked to the classroom, found that the class has begun to class, Chen Mo is gently knocking.

"Come in!"

A pleasing sound sounded.

Chen Miman pushed the door to the class, then he looked helplessly looked at the woman's woman on the podium.

The woman wearing a white cheongsam today. It was originally used as a cheongsam in the cheongsam. It was a temptation that was unable to resist.

The exquisite glamorous face is painted on a light makeup, and the sexy and ruddy lips are painted on a pale pink lipstick. The cheongsam wraps the tempting hips curve, a pair of slender white legs are exposed to the air, step on the feet. A pair of white high heels.

This woman is Chen Mo's university class teacher, Yanme.

......

"Why is it late?"

The beautiful and seductive Yanmei got up to Chen Mo, and the tone seems to ask some impatient.

"Can you still be because of what? It is definitely because I have no money to eat yesterday, so I went to smash it!"

Zhang Wei shouted his voice.

"Hahaha ..."

Students in the class suddenly broke out a laughter.

"I asked you? How is the mouth so owed!"

The class teacher Yan He turned his head and glared at Li Kai, cold voice.

"..."

Li Kai heard this, and he closed his mouth. It is said that the background of Yanme is very big, and the very common students don't dare to provoke.

"Teacher, I will deal with a little private!"

Chen Mo looked at Yanme.

"Roll out to stand, if there is another next time, directly hang!" Said the color of Yanme.

"Oh!"

Chen Mo looked nodded and turned around to come out of the classroom.

After leaving the classroom, Chen Mer is standing inside the corridor and starts to keep thinking about everything you happen today. He feels that this is too incredible. He is still because there is no money in the morning, One afternoon passed, he turned into a trillion.

This feeling makes Chen Mo feel a little wonderful, some is not true.

"I don't know how G G Gifei knows how much I have so much, what will she think in her heart!"

Chen Mer couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

"Jingle Bell……"

The ring ring is ringing, and Yanme stepped on the high-heeled shoes, and then got up and down. Chen Mo's eyes, squinted softly: "Chen Mo, I went to the Academic Affairs at three o'clock this afternoon to help me lift something, sent to me Dormitory, do you know? "

"Know it!" Chen Mo nodded.

"Next time, if you are late, look at how I pack you!" After that, Yanme is directly twisted with the little butt.

Chen Mer is helpless to return to the classroom, when Chen Mo returns to the classroom, find that he is not in the classroom.

"Chen Mo, what are you doing? The class teacher dare to be late!" Meng Liang asked Chen Mail.

"I slept a little late yesterday, I didn't get it ..." Chen Mo's light explained.

"Do you have a lot of lottery tickets, I don't know who I am?" Liu Rui looked at Chen Mo smiled and then continued: "How much is you?"

"In fact, there is not much money, it will be 100,000!" Chen Mo said.

"Hey, 100,000 is also called not much! It is a lot!" Liu Rui said very surprised.

Chen Mai did not mood at this time, they said these things with Liu Rui Mengliang, simply glanced over the situation in the classroom, and asked softly: "Right, Li Kai Gao Fifi Liu Luo why don't you come to class?"

"Ah, you may not know? After we leaving the hotel last night, Li Kai, his dad personally came to help Li Kai's rice, but also in the class, all people played Li Kai Yizhao, high Feifei Liu Lui has a point in the hotel, and the other party has a bit background, knows the mixer outside the school, and take the Gaffeen flute will take the Gaffeen flut this morning. Li Kai should be saved in the past. "Meng Liang quickly explained.

"Gao Feifei's maiden since she followed Li Kai, as I changed someone, I was very arrogant, I heard that I didn't think I didn't think that the other party had such a background!" Liu Rui also said.

"Ha ha……"

Chen Mo didn't help but laugh, did not speak.