Chapter 113: The good play begins!

Nanyang University President's Office.

Qian Zelin and Qianfa have two people in front of Chen Mo, and I will give you two opportunities to give them two opportunities.

And Chen Mima has been thinking in the heart, or not to remove these two people, after all, if you really expel them, you want to find the right principal in a short time is not so easy.

But do not expel these two people, Chen Mo knows those things that these two people usually do in schools, these two people are not qualified as teachers.

So, Mo Mo is also hesitant.

"Da da da!"

Just at this time, a high-heeled shot suddenly came out of the surface.

Chen Mo couldn't help but kneel it after hearing the voice.

" !"

It immediately sounded in a knock on the door.

"Principal, are you inside?" Yan Hoi is a little urgent. "

"How did Yan Yan come over?"

After Chen Mo listened to the sound of Yanme, the heart flashed a shocked, and then he reacted that Yanme may be to help himself.

At this time, Chen Mo did not let Yanme know his own idea, so after hesitating, he said whispering Qianze Lin: "You get up, when you come in, don't tell her my identity, understand Do I mean? "

"Ming ... understand!"

Qian Ze Lin quickly nodded, then stood up and went to his own chair.

Chen Miman got up and lowered, and the whole person looked like a primary school that was wrong.

Qian Guangfa and Li Jicheng are sitting on the sofa on the side.

"Who?"

Qian Zelin quickly adjusted his emotions, then shouted with his face,

"Money principal, I am Yan Xia!"

Yan Ke is busy.

"Teacher Yan, then you come in!"

Qian Zelin said faintly.

Yanme I heard the sentence of Qian Ze Lin, I quickly pushed the door into the office. When Yanme saw the files above the Qianze Table, there was also a seal, and the heart is more confirmed that Qianze is immediately to expel Chen Mo. .

"Money principal, I think Chen Miman's money is like a misunderstanding, I will recognize Chen Mo's time is not short, I think he should not be such a person!"

Yanme glantly looked at Qianze Lin.

"Yeah, money principal, this money is I lost, I don't want to investigate this matter now, can you not expel Chen Mo?" Zhao Anan said.

Chen Mo saw Yan Xia and Zhao An'an two times, I could also help myself, I was very touched in my heart. He did even have two impulses that would be clear about the situation with them.

However, Chen Mo worried that Yan Mo Zhao Anan will feel that he is deceived, so it will endure this impulse.

"Teacher Yan, about Chen Miman, you don't have to worry, we are still investigating this matter, wait until our survey results, I will inform you the first time!" Qian Zelin is a confident Yanme said.

"But the money principal ..."

"Teacher Yan, I won't be a good person, and I will not let a bad person. If you can take out Chen Mo's evidence, I can put Chen Mai now, but if you can't get it, go back, wait Let's! "

Qian Zelin has always been concerned about Chen Mo at this time, so I don't want to talk to Yanmei.

"..."

And Yanme-see the attitude of Qianze Lin is so tough, and I don't dare to say more. I said to Chen Mo: "Chen Mo, you must be old and agreed with the investigation of the money principal, know?"

"Teacher, I know!"

Chen Mo's low returned to a sentence.

"An An, let's go!"

Yanme is helpless, and turns to go outside the office.

After Zhao An An hesitated, he also left together with Yanme, at this time, two in hope that Qianze Lin really can investigate this matter.

Qian Ze Lin saw Yan to thk left, then he got up and said: "Chen Gongzi, you can sit, I just expressed, can I still?"

Chen Mai sat in the chair of Qianze Lin, whispered: "Qianze Lin, is your principal want to continue?"

"I want, Chen Gongzi, I ask you to give me a chance!"

Qian Zelin said excited shouting.

Chen Mo just actually intended to expel with Qianze Lin, but the emergence of Yanmei and others made Chen Mo realized that if you now expel the money, then it will cause others to doubt, and he is with Li Kai Zhao Hong Tao The belonging is not clear, he also needs Qian Zelin money to continue to help yourself.

Therefore, Chen Mo changed the idea at this time, whispered: "Okay, I can not expel you now, but I need you to do two things!"

"Don't say it is two things, even if you are ten pieces, I am willing to do it!" Qian Zelin shouted very excited.

"The first thing, can't tell anyone, I am a president of our school's school, once some people know, I will immediately expel you!"

Chen Mo slowed down.

"Chen Gongzi, you can rest assured, let a few people know, I will not tell others!" Although Qianze Lin did not understand what Chen Mo did, but still agreed.

"The second thing, you have written all the bad things you have made with money in the school in these years, and press the handprint, you can't fall, and you will not do such a thing in the future. Otherwise, I will not only be expelled, I will give these things to the police, let the police handle you! "

Chen Mo knows that Qian Zelin has made a lot of bad things in the past few years. He worried that Qianze will do it later, so he needs a thing to control the money with money with money.

"This one……"

The eyes of Qian Zelin flashed in the eyes.

"If you don't want, I will only expel your good!"

Chen Mo slowed down.

"I am willing, I am willing!"

Qian Zelin's expression was excited and then continued: "Chen Gongzi, you can rest assured, I will give you these things tomorrow!"

"Great!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then turn it around and said: "You now shout Zhao Hongtao now!"

"Okay, I will go now!"

Qian Guangfa quickly agreed, then turned around to go outside the office.

Packed up Qian Zelin with money, the two people, Chen Mo is ready to start to clean up Zhao Hongtao Li Kaiggifei them several people.

At this time, Chen Siles started some expectations. When all the truths come out, G G G Gaffe-Philippine will take a few people.