Chapter 86: Do you want to take me to open a house?

Wang Zhongqiang did not think that Su Mu Bai would choose to give up this villa, and quickly catch up with Su Mu Bai. The expression is helpless: "Miss Su, I can't tell you to buy this villa. Who is human, if you can tell, I will definitely tell you! "

"You don't say, I will not sign the contract!"

Su Mu Bai said faint.

"Don't you have this villa?"

Wang Zhongqiang shouted.

"Yes, unless you let people buy this villa to talk to me, I want to know why he gave it to the villa, I am thinking about whether it is accepted, otherwise, I can't want someone else!"

Although Su Mu Bai is now trying to buy this villa, it does not mean that she can accept anyone.

This may be the difference between Su Mu Bai to other girls.

If you change the same situation to any girl, the other person will definitely don't ask, and then sign the contract directly.

After all, this villa is worth more than 7,000, and you can sell six or more million. This money is enough for a lifetime.

But even if it is facing such a big temptation, Su Mu Bai still keeps his own rationality. She knows that there is no thing in this world, she can get it, so I don't know who the other person is, why do you want to give it? In the case of your own villa, Su Mu Bai is not likely to have this villa.

"Miss Su, I am now just in completing the task, you will help the help, now the contract is not a word on the contract?"

Wang Zhongqiang looked at the Su Mu Bai, and pleading him.

"I have just been very clear about you, I don't know who, I won't want it!"

Su Mu Bai fell back, and then twisted his head and shouted: "Xiao Yu, where are you still doing, let me go!"

"cousin!"

At this time, Su Yun Yu is no left idea, and the eyes are greedy look at the contract above the table.

"Xiaoyu, hurry with me!"

Su Mu Bai saw Su Tuyu did not want to leave, wrinkled and frowned.

"The cousin, this is a villa, a more than 70 million villas, you now sign it is yours, are you really going to go?" Su Mu's expression is excited. Shouted.

"I don't know who is given to me, why?"

Su Mu-shi said that there is no expression.

"Sister, what is your mind? Do you know that you don't know how many people want this opportunity? Do you give up now?"

Su Tuyu was very helpless, then turned his head to the position of Wang Zhong, smiled and said: "That is always, I am her cousin. If she is not, can I have to have?"

"No, people who bought this villa have said that they can only give Miss Su."

Wang Zhongqiang shook his head and shook his head.

"Xiaoyu, what are you talking about this? Give it to me!"

Su Mu Bai heard that the snorkeling of Su Tuyu did not know what to say, and even dried the Southern Curtain to go outside the sales office.

"Miss Su, do you really don't think about it?"

Wang Zhongqiang shouted.

"You tell the person who bought a villa, let him contact me!"

Su Mu Bai fell back, and then stepped on the high heels and walked out of the sales office.

Su Tuyu followed the side of Su Mu, the expression helpless, I don't know what to say.

At this time, the sales office in the sales office also looked at Su Mu, and they really didn't understand. Now someone will send it to Su Mu, a value of more than 70 million villas. Don't choose not to choose, is this woman is there any problem?

Wang Zhongqiang saw Su Mu Bai left, helplessly sighed, and then took out his mobile phone to dialed Chen Mo's phone, but it showed the other party's shutdown!

......

On the other hand, Su Mu Bai left the sales office with Su Tuyu.

Su Yucu asked Su Mu, asked: "Cameard, why don't you have a villa? That's more than 7,000!"

"There is no free lunch under this day, and there will be no one to give me a house!"

Su Mu Bai sat in the inside of the car.

In the beginning, Su Mu Bai's father has a problem, that is, some people say that it is necessary to help Su Mu Bai's father, but the price is to let Su Mu Bai become Chen Mo's wife.

After this matter, Su Mu Bai truly believes in the world, it will be felt in the sky.

"I don't know if anyone bought this villa to give you a sister, and I still don't say my identity. It is too mysterious!" Su Tuyu saw that Su Mughao's heart did not want this villa, I have a sentence.

"I am not clear now!"

Su Mu Bai shook his head softly. In fact, she had just thought about everyone in her mind, although she pursued her rich second generation, but she was so broad, there was no .

After all, those people who pursue Su Mu Bai are also some ordinary rich second generations. They have not yet rich to buy a more than 70 million villas, but also give a woman!

"The cousin, will n't it really Chen Mo?"

Su Yun Yu said with a big eyes.

"how can that be possible……"

Su Mu Bai smiled, she didn't believe that Chen Mai can buy this villa.

"The cousin, otherwise you ask Chen Mo to ask, maybe he is really a lottery ticket, so I bought this villa ..." Su Yucu loudly.

"This villa is 70 million, the first prize lottery is only 5 million, Chen Mo needs the fourteen times before, do you think there is this chance?" Su Mu Bai fell back.

"Oh, maybe he bought a lot once, you hurry up, now, except Chen Mima to buy a villa, the rest should not have this possible right?" Su Tuyu continued.

Su Mu Bai hesitated, couldn't help but remember the things that he promised Chen Mo before, so he still took out the phone to dialed Chen Mo's phone.

"Chen Mo is connected!"

After a few seconds, Su Mu Bai turned his head and said.

"The cousin, I can find Chen Mima's location, I will help you ask! Let's go directly to Chen Mima's home asking a clear ..." Su Tuyu started with her mobile phone to contact her aware of Nanyang University. friend.

After all, Chen Mo is also a celebrity in Nanyang University. It is not difficult to find Chen Mo.

Su Mu-Bai saw Su Tuyu wanted to find Chen Mo's address, he hesitated for two seconds, did not stop Su Yun Yu, because she is now very curious, and it is the villa who bought by Chen Mile.

......

the other side.

There is a spicy hot restaurant in Nanyang City.

Wen Ruo is taking a spicy hot in this restaurant, when eating, Wen Ruo is always curious about Zhang Feng.

After all, all the events happened today, let Wen Rui feel like Zhang Feng, is not a rich second generation. Instead, Chen Mo is more like a rich second generation.

But Wen Ruo is not saying more, after all, Zhang Feng said that he did not have a bank card today, it is not impossible.

Wen Rui slowly put down the chopsticks in his hand, then looked at the opposite of Zhang Feng.

"If you are, have you eaten?" Zhang Feng asked.

"Well, I have a good time, you send me home!"

Wen Ruo nodded gently.

Zhang Feng heard this later, and then said softly: "If you are, this is a few, what are you going to do something? I bought two movie tickets, or I will go to watch the movie!"

"Forget it, I am tired today, I want to go home to rest!" Wen Ruo low said.

"..."

Zhang Feng looked at Wen Rui and hesitated, then slowly said: "If you, your family is so far away, or I still don't go home today!"

"Don't go home, where do I go?"

Wen Ruoyi blinked, and asked in a doubt.

"I ... I can open a room in a nearby hotel, just with you can stay with you for a while!"

Zhang Feng said.

Wen Rui heard the sentence of Zhang Feng directly in the original place, and the beautiful is full of nervousness, because she didn't think of it, Zhang Feng actually took himself to open the house!