Chapter 85: I can't want this house!

In front of the sales office in front of the sales office, Chen Mo also said that he wants to buy a villa to save to Su Mu.

But Su Mu Bai felt that this is just Chen Mo's joke, and there is no really true, and Su Mu Bai also joked with Chen Mo's joke and said that if Chen Mai bought a villa to give himself, then he would really marry Chen Mo.

"This Chen Mo will not really buy a villa? But where did he come to so much? His lottery?"

When Su Mu Bai determined the identity of Wang Zhongqiang, there were several problems in my mind.

"Miss Su, are you still there?"

Wang Zhongqiang asked softly.

"I'm here!"

Su Mu Bai reacted and quickly returned, then asked in the tone: "Are you really general manager of Jinxiu Manor?"

"Miss Su, if you still don't believe it now, you can directly come to my sales office, we will not find you to a penny, and you can't delay your sales office!"

Wang Zhongqiang said softly.

"Well, I will go to your sales office for a while!"

Su Mu Bai went back to a word, then hang up the phone directly, twisted the satellite: "Xiaoyu, I am a little bit, I need to go out ..."

"Cameard, what is going on? Do you really believe that the liar is saying? How can someone give you a villa?" Su Youth Yu shouted.

"The number used by this person is the number of the sales office, and he also took the initiative to let me go to the sales office. If he is really a liar, how can I let me go to the building?" Su Mu Bai Let your own car key while loudly.

"Then I also feel very untrusted unless Chen Mo bought the villa, but he needs to find a jester every month. You have to live a living, and the villa is 60 million. Even if he is 60,000 he can't come out. "Su Yucu said.

"Is it true that I really go to the sales office, I will know!"

After Sue Mu, after finding the car key, he took the high heels and walked outside the house.

"The cousin, you have a little dangerous alone, I will accompany you!"

Su Tuyu put down the ice cream in his hand and ran out with Su Mu Bai.

......

After more than half an hour, Su Mu-Bai drove to the sales office of Jinxiu Manor.

"The cousin, I think we still don't want to go in. In all, the liar is the top floor of the floor? Let's go in, let's take it directly, how do you do it?"

After getting off the bus, Sodiyu said very fear of Su Mu Bai.

"Nothing to know the open business of Jinxiu Manor before, and their company is a very famous real estate company in China, and has never been the high-end villa project. How can such a large group can join hands with the liar?" Su Mu Bai is not worried about these problems, she only cares if someone is really bought to give himself down.

"This is there any problem?" Su Tuyu blinked his beautiful big eyes.

"Do not worry!"

Su Mu Bai fell back, and then stepped on the sales office in the soldiers.

"..."

Su Tu Yu hesitated, and then followed Su Mu Bai.

Wang Zhongqiang, who was anxious to wait in the sales office, I saw Su Mu Bai came in, and I quickly rushed to Su Mu Bai's position, and then smiled: "Miss Su, you can come over, you want If you come, we are ready to get off work! "

Su Mu Bai has simply observed the situation in the sales office, and found that there is no different, and several of which have a sales lady since the afternoon.

"You are the general manager of the sales office?"

Su Mu Yanye asked with a brow.

"Yes, Miss Su, this is my business card!"

Wang Zhongqiang was very respectful and handed a business card for Su Mu, and then continued: "Sin, since Su, since it has come to our sales office, you should nothing to worry about?"

Su Mu Bai briefly glanced at Wang Zhongqiang's business card, whispered: "Wang Qi, you said that someone bought it for me? Is it true? What is your marketing means? ? "

"Yeah, can I live in a villa now now?"

Southern Yutu was determined after entering the sales office, and he also shouted with a courage.

"Miss Su, you can rest assured, I have already prepared all the needs of all the needs, as long as you sign it above, the villa is yours, and you don't need you spend a penny, you can live Go in, our Jinxiu Group is the top three companies in China. Basically, the villas in Nanyang City are we cover. How can we lie to you? "Wang Zhong smiled.

"How can there be such a good thing under the day? I really don't have to spend a penny?" Su Mu Bai still has no way to completely believe in these words that Wang Zhongqiang said.

"I am sure you don't have to spend a penny!"

Wang Zhongqiang looked at the noddion of Su Mu Bai and then continued: "Miss Su, you can come and look at the contract!"

Su Mu Bai stands in place for two seconds, directly stepped on high heels and followed the king to the conference room.

Wang Zhongqiang took out the contract in advance to handedate to Su Mu Bai. After reading it very carefully, it was found that there was no problem, this is a real purchase contract, the villa of the contract is the original Su Mu-white looks at the villa.

"Wang, what is going on?"

Su Mu Bai put down the contract in his hand, and the expression was very incredible to rush to Wang Zhongqiang.

"Miss Su, this matter I have told you in the phone before, some people pay the money of this villa, and tell us that he is ready to give you this villa, I will give you this villa. Call your call! "

Wang Zhongqiang slowly said.

"Who is giving me this villa?"

Su Mu Bai quickly asked.

"Miss Su, the other party's payment requires us to keep his identity, so who is giving you this villa, I can't say!" Wang Zhong strongly said.

"..."

Su Mu Bai looked at Wang Zhongqiang in front of him, and his face was abnormal.

"The cousin, will n't it really send it to you?"

After the foundation, Siupu was clear, and he said softly to Su Mu.

"How is it possible? Where is Mo's money bought this villa?"

Su Mugior whispered back.

"Who is that?"

Su Mu Bai is also very confused at this time.

"Miss Su, if you are sure that there is no problem, you can sign it above the contract!" Wang Zhongqiang said Su Mu Bai.

"You tell me who wants to send me this villa?" Su Mu-white expression was seriously asked by Wang Zhongqiang.

"Miss Su, I can't say this!"

Wang Zhongqiang shook his head.

"You don't tell me who sent me, I can't sign this contract, and I will not want!"

After saying this, Su Mu did directly threw the contract to Wang Zhongqiang, and then got up and walked outside the meeting room.