Chapter 8: Can you come to my room?

Wen Rui has been a period of time, but because her live content is very single, in addition to a good look, there is no highlight, and then add Wen Ruo, not like other female anchors. Take the opportunity to please the might, so the gifts you can get every month are very small.

The aircraft carrier is the first time in the live broadcast of Wen Rui.

Wen Ruo stared at the big eyes of Water, I feel that all this seems to be true.

The popularity of the live broadcast also slowly rebounded, and several hundred people returned to 10,000.

"Who is the past?"

"This is too busy. Is it more than 20,000 gifts?"

"This person will not be a small boyfriend?"

"Hey, who are you?"

The watermares began to send the crazy to send the barcings and talked about this abroad.

Chen Mo looked at these brands, smile, and did not explain anything.

Chen Mo felt that Wen Ruo, this girl did not look at it. In fact, it was still very kind. Today, if it is not Wen Ruo, he may have been driven away by the landlord, so Chen Mo will register a account and reward a aircraft carrier!

20,000 yuan, there may be a lot for ordinary people, but for Chen Mo, it is nothing to do.

Wen Ruo is sitting in the same place, and even forgot to say thank you with Chen Mo.

"The past is very arrogant? I just said that I have to block this anchor, you will brush the gift in the room of this anchor, what do you mean?" Just at this time, Nanyang Wei Mona will fly again .

Chen Mo saw that this barrage did not smile, did not speak.

"What is your child? That's more than one ratio today, I am in the lives of rabbits, you brush it in the excitement of the scholars, whoever is lost, who shouted the other side!" Nanyang Wei Gongzi saw Chen Mo did not talk later.

"Head, do it with him!"

"Yes, not less!"

The water friends didn't want to abandon their clothes at this time, and they have begun to cheer Chen Mo.

Wen Ruo saw that after these brakes, he also reacted, and said: "I am very grateful to my airmarsel, you can send our aircraft carrier, don't take this kind of person!"

"Nanyang Wei Gongzi sent a trocular rocket in the room of the rabbit!"

"Nanyang Wei Gongzi sent a twenty rocket in the room of the rabbit!"

"Nanyang Wei Gongzi sent a fifty rocket in the room of the rabbit!"

At this time, Nanyang Wei Gongzi directly brushed the gift near 100,000 yuan directly in another female anchor.

And there is no movement in the live broadcast of Wen Ruo.

"The past is right, aren't you very cow? How can I not talk now? Come, follow my brush!"

"The past is with the wind, why don't you talk? A poor also wants to have money than the money?"

"I packed it is your kind of person, you don't dare to brush, now I am old, I am, I will let you!"

After seeing Chen Mo, Nanyang Wei Gongzi saw that Chen Mo did not move quietly.

And those who originally supported Chen Mo also changed, and they have begun to follow the Wei Gongzi Chen Mo!

"The past is sent to 50 aircraft carriers in Xiaowei's room!"

At this time, an unusually huge barrage floated on the platform.

Fifty aircraft carrier!

That is a whole, one million yuan!

It seems that after everyone see this bar, the entire platform is in a quiet.

Wen Ruo is sitting in the same place, I feel that this is too incredible, there will be someone to brush one million gifts one breath!

"It's too embarrassed, one million!"

"Who is this past, is the wind?"

After a short silence, the popularity of Wen Rui lived directly more than 20,000, and countless people sent the barrage.

Wen Ruo looks at the computer screen, the whole person is stupid!

"What about Wei Gongzi? Isn't it necessary to brush a gift less?"

"Yeah, Wei Gongzi continues? Why don't you talk?"

"Wei Gongzi, continue!"

Before I ridicule, Chen Mo's Nanyang Wei Gongzi saw Chen Mo to send a million gift, as if it was evaporated in the world, it completely disappeared.

Chen Mer is discovered that his mobile phone started to start crazy, countless beauty anchor, the water friend started to add Chen Mo's friend, and even the anchor didn't send his photos directly. The photo content was abnormal, but Chen Mo did not have anything about these women. interest.

"The past is with the wind, thank you, really thank you!"

Wen Ruozhen shouted.

At this time, the expression on her face is not as calm before.

"If you have money, you can just trample in the dignity of others, thirty years of the river in the river, and the poor is poor!"

Chen Mo slowed down these words sent out, then shut down the phone, ready to sleep.

After closing your eyes, Chen Mo's mind began to have a life of nearly 20 years. He didn't think that he didn't think of him, and he didn't think that there would be a woman to send the door!

Everything about it is the change of money!

"Gao Feifei, you like money so much, if you make a breakup in this day, you may be the most money woman in the world, but unfortunately, you don't catch this opportunity!"

Chen Mo did not help but sigh.

"Hey!"

At this time, Chen Mo's mobile phone suddenly rang.

Chen Mimo watched his eyes and found that Wen Ruoqi received six hundred dollars, it should be a live broadcast.

"Hey, have you slept?"

At this time, the phone rang again. Chen Mage took the mobile phone to sweep an eye and found it turned out to be Wen Ruo.

"How can Wen Ruo talk to me, she won't recognize that I am going to the wind?"

Chen Mo's heart flashed a shock, and quickly picked up the phone back: "Yes, what happened?"

"You come to my room, I invite you to eat something! Come!" Wen Ruo was very fast.

"Let me go to her room? What do this woman do?" Chen Mo saw this sentence later, but he hesitated for a few seconds, then put it directly on the clothes left the room.

Chen Mo felt that Wen Ruo is good, even if you really don't have the rules, you are not very losing.

"!"

Chen Mo's light knocked the door door.

Wen Rui gently opened the door, then smiled and said: "Are you coming? Go in!"