Chapter 83: Do you actually ask me to eat spicy?

Zhang Feng in order to keep himself a super rich second-generation image in front of Wen Ruo, and he spent hard from a friend's hand of the Jacques restaurant.

He originally thought that he had just took a member card, and he could prove his identity, but let Zhang Feng unidentified that the Jacques restaurant recorded the information of the member.

And more let him feel that the Jacques restaurants have stipulated that once someone borrows or steals the membership cards of others, it will be a fine of 100,000 yuan.

Zhang Feng has been close to Wen Ruo, and has been brushing a gift in Wen Ruo's live broadcast. Although the number of money is not a lot, it is also a hundred thousand overhead every day, and he also deliberately rented a BMW and one Expensive suit.

Most of these money are borrowed from friends from friends, so now Zhang Feng has long been tired, he can't get 100,000 yuan!

"You now make a fine, you can leave!"

At this time, Zhang Yi said that he had no expression.

"..."

Zhang Feng heard this later, then he couldn't help it, then whispered: "Why do you make me pay, I will pay? I don't pay money today, can you take me?"

"Of course we won't treat you, but if you don't pay this penalty, our restaurant will cancel the membership of this membership card!"

The classmate is slightly returned to the eyes.

After Zhang Feng heard this, he was directly in the original place. The expression on his face was shocked.

The membership card he is now holding a very rich rich second generation in his class. If the rich second generation knows that his membership card is canceled, it will never let go of Zhang Feng.

After all, the membership card of the Jacques restaurant, but the average person has money to buy something.

Zhang Feng looked at the manager hesitated for two seconds, then whispered: "When I went out today, I went out to be anxious. I didn't bring so much money. I will do this money again in the same day?"

"You can directly swipe directly, or I can let the people in my restaurant will go to the bank to pay the money!" Zhang Yi said faintly.

"..."

Zhang Feng face is difficult to look at Zhang Manager, I don't know what it should be said, after all, he doesn't have a way to take this money.

After Wen Ruo saw Zhang Feng's current expression, the heart is equally confused.

After all, in the eyes of Wen Ruo, Zhang Feng can be a famous past, and it is a few million in his live broadcast, but it is even more than 100,000 yuan.

And since Zhang Feng is not a member of this, why would he have you to eat here?

Wen Ruo is beginning to feel that the behavior of Zhang Feng seems to be a bit suspicious.

"If you have money, do you bring money? Otherwise you will help me make this money? Wait until I got home, I will definitely give you this money!"

At this time, Zhang Feng suddenly turned his head and said.

After listening to Zhang Feng, guests have exposed disdainful expressions. After all, they can come to Jacques restaurant. Most of them are good, and they are all incomplete.

So they saw Zhang Feng now actually got a girl who gave a girl who borrowed money, naturally, I couldn't look down on Zhang Feng.

But where Zhang Feng can also consider so many things, he just wants to make this fine, then leave the Wen Ruo.

Wen Ruoyu did not refuse Zhang Feng, and quickly took out a bank card from his bag, and then he was in front of Zhang Yi, whispered: "I will pay this money!"

Zhang Yi smashed Wen Ruo, did not say much, directly holding the bank card to the front desk, then brushing 100,000 yuan.

After paying the fine, Zhang Feng got a tone, directly with Wen Ruo, and walked outside the restaurant.

After walking out of the restaurant, Wen Rui hesitated, then stopped and asked with Zhang Feng: "Zhang Feng, do you have anything to be hidden?"

"What do I have?"

Zhang Feng showed an unexpected, then continued: "If you are, you will not be because I am looking for 100,000 yuan, you are doubting me now? I just said, I just said, I am just just I forgot to bring a bank card, I will definitely give you this money! "

"I did not mean that!"

Wen Ruoyi quickly shouted.

"What do you mean now?"

"I just want to know what happened, if you really happen, you can tell me!"

Wen Ruoyi feels that today's Zhang Feng is really unsatisfactory, and the style of doing things is also a big gap with the past, so I will say this.

"You can rest assured, I don't have anything, let's change a restaurant to eat!"

Zhang Feng saw Wen Ruo Yan as if he did not know himself, he had a long life in his heart.

"OK then!"

Wen Ruo looked at Zhang Feng nodded and did not continue to say more.

After a few minutes, Zhang Feng walked into a Malanet store with Wen Ruo.

Wen Rui saw that Zhang Feng took himself to this place, it seems to be more suspicious of Zhang Feng.

Although what to eat is not very important for Wen Ruo, she feels that Zhang Feng is really a super rich second generation, then how can he come to this place?

"Does Chen Mo originally told me all the words? This is a liar?"

At this time, Wen Rui's mind flashed a very bold idea.

But soon, if you sway your head gently, I demonstrate this idea, and then follow the Zhang Feng into a spicy hot restaurant.

......

On the other hand, Su Mu Bai has kicked off the exquisite high heels on his own home, and then went to the sofa in the face of the sofa.

"Congress, you are back?"

At this time, Su Yucu ran out from the bedroom, and smiled and shouted in Su Mu.

"Xiaoyu, how come you?" Su Mu Bai saw Soviet Yuli, the expression was a bit surprised.

"I have a person in my school, so I will come over to play!"

Southern Screen Yutu explained a sentence, then continue: "Yes, the cousin, I heard that you are going to see the villa today, how is it?"

"The location of the villa is good, the scenery in the community is also very good, but it is too expensive, and a villa is more than 7 million. My father can't get so much money now!" Su Mu Bai heard After the sentence of Su Tuyu, the expression seems to have a helpless return.

"Seventy million?"

Su Yucheng heard the number and couldn't help but exclaimed, and then said with a small mouth: "Is these people crazy? One villa is even more than 70 million, why don't they rush?"

"This is not the most likely to feel strange things, you guess, who is it in the sales office today?"

Su Mu Bai said.

"Who?"

Su Tuyu asked with a big eyes.

"I saw Chen Mo!"

Su Mu Bai went back to a whisper and then continued: "And that Chen Mo actually said to give me a villa, you said that you can't laugh?"

"Hahaha ..."

After hearing this, Southern Jade laughed directly, then said with his stomach: "How can Chen Mo be bragging? He is a broken poor egg, even if it is a lot of money, it is impossible to buy it. Is a more than 70 million villas? "

"I……"

Su Mu Bai said that his mouth suddenly found his mobile phone ringtone.

Su Mu Bai took the phone and asked softly: "Hello, who is you?"

"Are you Miss Su?"

The person opposite the phone loudly.

"Yes, it is me!"

"I am Wang Zhongqiang, general manager of Jinxiu Manager's sales building!"

After hearing this, Su Mu Bai is directly in the original place, and the eyes flashed in the eyes, because she didn't understand why the general manager of the sales office now called himself!