Chapter 57: Self-searching

After class, all students inside the class do not have to leave the classroom without the first time, but quietly sitting in the classroom waiting for a view.

Although I have interrupted Li Kai Zhao Hong Tao's interrogation with Chen Mo because of the appearance of Yan Mo, it is obvious that several people's battle is not planning to let Mo.

Those words mentioned before Chen Mo have really been very too much for Liu Di's girl.

"..."

After packing your own things, Chen Mo took the steps to go outside the classroom.

But Zhao Hongtao blocked the door, then looked at Chen Mo, then the eyes were completely a look of honor.

"Step aside!"

Chen Mo looked at Zhao Hongtao and said that he had no expression.

"Step aside?"

Zhao Hongtao heard Chen Mo's words, I couldn't help but knew, then whispered: "Chen Mo, do you still owe us an explanation?"

"What explains?"

Chen Mo shouted asked.

"Before you talk in the class, silence Liu Luo. Do you have any explanation for everyone? If you are so stay today, the reputation of the Liu Luo will receive it, so you must follow Everyone explained this! "Zhao Hongtao Yi Zheng said.

Chen Mo looked at Zhao Hongtao in front of him without helplessness. If Zhao Hongtao is really a faithful dog around Liu Luo, and people Liu Di have not responded to the words before Chen Mo, he Zhao Hongtao as a Outside people are so excited at this time.

"I said Liu Luo, that is my private affairs between Liu Luo, have any relationship with you?"

If the previous Chen Mo may be afraid of this Zhao Hongtao, after all, Chen Mo Qing Zhao Zhao Hongtao's personality, he doesn't want to make things big, but Chen Mo's morning is not the previous Chen Mo, attitude is naturally impossible to follow the original As weak.

Chen Mo's sentence is obviously asked Zhao Hongtao, because this thing does not matter if it is indeed true.

Zhao Hongtao can also feel that Chen Mo, who is standing in front of him, is like a person. If it is the previous Chen Mo, he will definitely talk to himself.

Students in the class seem to have found this, and I looked at Chen Mo with the same eyes.

"Yes, this matter is indeed your private affairs between Liu Luo, but we will definitely look at Liu Luo, so we either explain the words you said before. If you give Liu Luoke! "Li Kai's response speed is obviously much faster than Zhao Hongtao, and quickly rushed to Chen Mo's shouting.

Chen Mermail turned his eyes and looked at Li Kai. He clearly, in fact, the beginning of this matter is Li Kai. Li Kai is clearly thinking about this opportunity to revenge himself.

"Zhao Hongtao Li Kai, what do you mean? Let's get out of school, don't you let everyone go?"

Chen Mo has just been preparing to speak, and the exquisite and beautiful Zhao An'an suddenly went to Chen Mo's side, and the expression was excited to shout Zhao Hongtao.

Meng Liang and Liu Rui heard the words of Zhao An'an, and quickly walked to Zhao Hongtao shouting in front of Zhao Hongtao: "Zhao Hongtao, Chen Mo's things with Liu Di have no relationship with you, two of them The private matter is letting people go to solve it. What happened to you now? "

Chen Mo's three people all stood up and helped themselves, and the heart was inexplicably moved. No matter how, there are still three people in the class to help themselves.

Zhao Hongtao faced Liu Ruomun Zhao An'an as if it was not as arrogant before, and his eyes seemed to look at Li Kai by himself.

Li Kai hesitated, directly rushed to Zhao Anan: "The squad leader, you can do this, we are stopping Chen Mo without letting Chen Mo, if you want to leave, you can leave now!"

"Then, what do you want to let people go?" Zhao An Yu shouted with the big eyes of Waterwell.

"Just now, we have said that Chen Mo said that there is a very big harm to people's Liu Luo, so today, Chen Mo must give you a meeting. Otherwise, how do you still stay in the class after Liu Di?"

Li Kai said calmly.

"you……"

"The squad leader, you don't have to say it!"

Zhao Anan said that Zhang Zhao said that Chen Mo suddenly placed Zhao An'an, then looked at Li Kai asked: "You want me to explain it now?"

"Yes, either you just prove that the words you said before, or you will apologize to Liu Luo, otherwise you will definitely get out of this!" Li Kai directly agreed.

In fact, Li Kai is now deliberately hard to Chen Mo, because he knew that Liu Mo said that Liu Luo said that it is really fake with him, Chen Mo can't take any evidence, as long as Chen Mo can't get evidence , Then Chen Mo must apologize to Liu Luo.

When you have a girl in the face of such many people apologizes, this is a big shame for a man.

Li Kai is to let Chen Ming Bai, he wants to pack Chen Mo as simple as cleaning up an ant.

Gao Feifei sat in the side of Liu Di, and it was also contest in the eyes of the eyes, because she knows that today Chen Mo only apologizes this choice, otherwise Li Kai and others can't put Chen Mo, even if there is Zhao Anan helped Chen Mo's speech.

"Do you want me to prove what I said before?"

Chen Mo looked with Li Kai asked.

"Yes, as long as you can prove that the things you said before, let's let you go!" Li Kai nodded gently.

"Well, then I will prove it now!"

Chen Mo's expression disdain laughed, and immediately turned his hand to the position of Liu Di, and shouted: "Liu Lu, you tell you now, what I said before, is it true?"

After listening to Chen Mo's sentence, the students in the class, and then everyone began to laugh.

Even Li Kai Zhao Hong Tao also exposed a speechless smile, because Chen Mo said in their eyes is undoubtedly in self-cultivation.

Liu Luo is the victim of this matter, even if Liu Dada really wants to take the initiative to bed with Chen Mo, when Chen Mo is asked, how can Liu Di admitted?

However, Liu Luo, who was here waiting for Chen Mo apologize, after listening to this sentence, instantly scared the positives, the beauty flashed a desperate, I don't know how I should answer Chen Mo's problem.