Chapter 61: Ignore and indifference

Chen Mer is sitting in the Mercedes-Benz car of Du Tianhao, I really don't understand that since Du Tianhao has already found all the information called Zhang Feng, then why didn't I see it yesterday?

"Chen Gongzi, do you determine the true name of the person called Zhang Feng?"

Du Tianhao saw that Chen Mo's face seems to have a little unsatisfactory, hesitated, and asked Chen Mail.

"This one……"

Chen Mo heard Du Tianhao's words, it flashed, because he found that he didn't have a way to determine that the person who stolented his account was called Zhang Feng, after all, Chen Mo did not have seen the person's ID card.

"Chen Gongzi, my capital is the person who is about the household. That is to say that these people named Zhang Feng are all the names used by Zhang Feng, but if the other party is not Call Zhang Feng, or a small name called Zhang Feng, real name is other, then I have no way to find this person! "Du Tianhao looked at Chen Mo's light explanation.

"That is a bit trouble!"

Chen Mer sighed.

"Chen Gongzi, you know that you don't know other information of this person? For example, there is a photo of your mobile phone number?" Du Tianhao asked.

"No……"

Chen Mer shook his head.

"Then this matter is a bit trouble!"

Du Tianhao did not know how to find that Chen Mo wants to find.

"So, I will try to collect the information of that person. When I find the information, I will tell you after I found the information!" Chen Mo clearly, if she rely on a name, I wanted to find Zhang Feng, so he can only wait for Zhang Feng again. In the home of Wen Ruo, Chen Mo finds a chance to sneak a photo of Zhang Feng to Du Tianhao.

"I can only do this now!"

Du Tianhao nodded gently.

"OK, Wei Xiaole's things you go to handle it!" Chen Mo said and pushed the door and walked down the car.

Du Tianhao saw Mo's leaving, and directly took out his mobile phone to find Wei Ming's call to call the phone.

"Dudu ..."

After the phone rang two times, Wei Ming took the phone tone and said: "Hao Ge, do you have anything?"

"What about your brother Wei Xiaole? Let him answer the phone!" Du Tianhao didn't seem to change a person, said it was very cold.

Wei Ming found that Du Tianhao's tone is not right, and the heart is not good, and the mobile phone will hand over the mobile phone to Wei Xiaole.

"Hao ... Haoo? You ... do you have anything?" Wei Xiaole took the call and asked in Baba.

"Do you sin? A female anchor called Wen Ruo?"

Du Tianhao asked coldly.

"Wen Rui?"

Wei Xiaole suddenly stopped after hearing this name.

"I am limited to Wen Ruo, I will not provoke this person within three hours, otherwise the consequences are at your own risk, do you understand what I mean?" Du Tianhao can feel Wei Xiaole by Wei Xiaole's reaction. So I said very straightforward.

"Ok ... Ok, I know!"

Wei Xiaole's commencement Baba promised, then continue to say: "Hao Ge, do you know this Wen Ruo?"

"Snapped!"

Du Tianhao did not follow Wei Xiaole, and did not stop the phone directly, and then drive away.

Wei Xiaolele, who saw the phone was hanged, because he had surveared the background of Wen Ruo, and found that Wen Rui didn't know anyone in Nanyang City, so he had courageous to Wen Ruo, but he didn't understand How can Wen Ruohao know the social big brother of Du Tianhao?

......

On the other hand, Chen Mo is separated from Du Tianhao and walking directly at home.

Although Chen Mo is now found Nanyang Wei Gongzi, and helping Wen Ruo's solves a big trouble, but helpless Chen Mo did not find the true identity of the style, this made Chen Mo's heart is very uncomfortable.

"Jingle Bell!"

Just when Chen Mo is coming to home, his mobile phone rang again.

Chen Mimer thought that there was any news in Du Tianhao, so I didn't want to connect to the phone.

"Chen Gongzi, Hello!"

But it is not a voice of Du Tianhao, but a sexy female voice.

Chen Mer is listening, people who call themselves are not someone else, before the sales office, I really look down on Chen Yaoyao.

Wang Yaoyao's woman's body is beautiful, plus a little bit a little bit, is a very standard Royal Sister, and the voice is also a sense of temptation of Yujie, so Chen Mo listened to it.

"How do you know my phone?"

Chen Mo said softly.

"I am in the hands of Lin Xi to go to your phone!" Wang Yaoyao laughed back to a sentence.

"Oh, do you have anything?"

Chen Mo did tell Lin Xi, so Wang Yaoyao can get his phone number is also very normal.

"This is such a Chen Gongzi. I didn't tell you a few days ago. Our company has opened a new property. One villa is very good, and the price may be a little higher. But what should I do for you, do you have time in the afternoon? Otherwise I will take you how to see the house? "Wang Yaoyao said.

"..."

Chen Mo heard from Wang Yaoyao, he hesitated, although Chen Mo did not did something, but he has been worried about Wen Ruo, now there is no mood to see the house.

"Chen Gongzi, this villa is still very robbing. If you don't hurry, you may be bought away by others!" Wang Yaoyao found that Chen Mo seems to be a little hesitation, and even quickly said.

"That, anyway, I don't have anything, let's take a look!"

Chen Mo directly agreed.

"That's too good, Chen Gongzi, where are you now? I have passed you!" Wang Yaoyao said very excited.

"I am in the Red Star Community!"

Chen Mo listened to Wang Yaoyao to pick himself, and did not think more, directly said his position.

"Okay, I will pick you this!"

After Wang Yao promised, he sent it directly to the phone.

Chen Mo put the mobile phone into the clothes, and then stood in the neutral door waiting for Wang Yaoyao, but when Chen Mo had just raised her mobile phone, suddenly found a familiar figure and rushed to come over.

Wen Ruo is wearing a set of white home clothes, quite a few small women's taste, looks very beautiful, Wen Ruo is holding a few bags, it should be to buy things in the supermarket.

Perhaps because it is more, it is more, so Wen Ruo looks at some of them.

After Chen Mo hesitated, he laughed in front of Wen Ruo: "I will help you pick up!"

After hearing Chen Mo's words, the turf glared at Chen Mo, and did not speak in a word, and rushed to the community. It seems that there is no meaning of Chen Mo.

Chen Mimi is a slightly embarrassing station, and there are fewer fewer somewhat not a taste.

After all, Chen Mo has been helping Wen Ruo, but it is turned back to the ignorant and indifference. This feeling is that it may be accepted by individuals.

Just when Wen Ruojing just walked into the community, the sound of a roar sounded on the street.

A black Passat is unusually arrived at the entrance of the community, and Wei Xiao Le ran down from the car.

When Chen Mo saw Wei Xiaole, the instinct was stunned. He didn't think that Du Tianhao's office is so fast.

But if Wei Xiaole saw his own words, Wei Xiaole will actively talk to himself, his identity may be exposed, after all, Wen Ruo is just entering the community.

Chen Mo took a time, some didn't know what to do!