Chapter 115: True surface

Original Zhao Hongtao has planned all things today, but when Zhao Hongtao opened the moment, he suddenly realized that if he really admitted to Mo's thing, the school will certainly be used as himself. The thief deeds, and the final end will still be removed.

In other words, now Zhao Hongtao is not saying, he has to face the risk of being expelled.

Say it, I have become a thief, if I don't say, I may have a line of life.

So Zhao Hongtao hesitated, pulling his throat: "Today, there is no relationship with me today, I have not fallen into Chen Mo!"

"Is it harder to die?" Chen Mo looked at Zhao Hongtao said that there was no expression.

"I ... I don't have a hard, this matter is nothing to do with me, you don't want to ask me, you don't know anything!" Zhao Hongtao was very resolutely rushed to Chen Mo. .

"Zhao Hongtao, I originally want to give you a chance to recognize, but since you don't cooperate with me, don't blame me!"

Chen Mo fell back, then twisted to look at the money, whispered: "Qian Guangfa, if I have not remembering the wrong, do you have a camera to each classroom?"

Zhao Hongtao flashed a fear in his eyes, because he realized this time, he had forgotten this camera.

"Chen Gongzi, our school did install the camera in each office, but these cameras were closed ..." Qian Guangfa has some helpless back.

Zhao Hongtao heard this, I couldn't help but laugh in my heart. If there is no camera, then Chen Mo can't find the evidence of himself. At that time, I didn't admit it, Chen Mo is considered a president of the school board. Can't you treat yourself.

"It doesn't matter, the camera inside the classroom is closed. I know, but the camera inside the corridor should be opened 24 hours? You now let people call me the monitoring video!"

Chen Moqi knows that the camera inside the classroom is a display. When I came to the principal, Chen Mo did not only monitor the camera in the corridor, but also monitor the situation inside the corridor, but also see the classroom.

Just now, Chen Mo has already thought about how he should deal with Zhao Hongtao and others.

"Good Chen Gongzi!"

Qian Guangfa quickly agreed.

Zhao Hongtao is sitting on the ground, his expression is extremely desperate, his mood seems to be a roller coaster, for a while, when he heard Chen Mo's sentence, his whole person has collapsed .

Baishi, Zhao Hongtao knows where to know the camera inside the corridor can still see the picture inside the classroom?

After a few minutes, Qian Guangfa took the U disk to the office, and then transfer the U disk to Chen Mo, whispered: "Chen Gongzi, what you want is here!"

Chen Mer is connected to the U disk, and it does not open it at all, because he is clear that this is recorded.

"Zhao Hongtao, there is this time, what else do you want to say?" Chen Mo rushed toward Zhao Hongtao and asked the U disk in his hand.

"..."

Zhao Hongtao has been completely desperate, hesitated for two seconds, he was shouted in Chen Mo. Should be framed, I ... I ask you ... "

"Now I know I have admitted!"

Chen Mo looked at Zhao Hongtao smiled, then said that there was no expression: "I can do not expel you, but I need you three things!"

"whats the matter?"

Zhao Hongtao asked quickly.

"The first thing, don't say my identity with others!"

"..."

Zhao Hongtao looked at Chen Mo, and then quickly said: "Well, I will definitely not tell others!"

"The second thing, returning to the class to the class to recognize these things you did, and point out who is behind the scenes to make you!"

Chen Mai continued.

"I……"

Zhao Hongtao flashed in his eyes.

"If you can't do it, you can get out now!" Chen Mo said.

"I have to get it, I will get it, I promise you!"

Although Zhao Hongtao is now unwilling to sell Li Kai, but helpless things have reached this point, he can only choose Chen Mo's words.

At this time, Zhao Hong Tao's intestines quickly regretted. Who can think that Chen Mo has always been pretending ordinary people, in fact, Chen Mo is a super rich second generation, so young, it has become a president of Nanyang University's school board, how much? Horror background!

"Well, let's go!"

Chen Mage took the U disk to turn around the office.

"Chen Mo, the third thing?"

Zhao Hongtao looked at Chen Mo shouted.

"Third, you will know!"

Chen Mo fell back, then walked out of the office.

Qian Guangfa Qianze Lin Zhao Hongtao three people quickly left, as for Li Juncheng did not follow Chen Mo to go to class, after all, Li Jincheng appeared, the identity of Chen Mo will follow exposure.

Round along the way.

Qian Guangfa Qian Ze Lin Zhao Hongtao has been playing Chen Mo, at this time they are full of curiosity, because they don't understand why Chen Mo is put in school, but also Specially telling them that three cannot expose his identity.

What is Chen Mo's meaning?

In fact, Mo's significance is very simple. If his identity is exposed, then Chen Mo will have no way to live ordinary people, and no way to clear the people around him, who is for his money, who It is for him.

This feeling seems to be that people who have a five million prize will not show off their awards everywhere.

Because the relatives and friends around me know that there is endless trouble, Chen Mo is now this idea.

A few minutes later.

Chen Mo and others returned to the classroom.

However, those students in the class saw that Chen Mo came back, showing disdainful expressions, they are thieves like Chen Mo.

Yanmei Zhao Anan two people didn't know what happened in the principal's office, so Chen Mo and others have come back to announce that Chen Mo is expelled.

"Chen Mo, Chen Mo, finally do you still be opened by the school? This time I see how you still arrogant!"

Gao Feifei looked at Chen Mo's position and smiled. Then Yin Yang is rushing through Chen Mai. ? "

"..."

Chen Mo listened to this, looked up at G G Gifei.

"Why do this person give him a chance? It should be removed directly!"

"Yes, I won't forgive this kind of person!"

"Don't let the police took him away!"

Other students inside the class shouted.

"Don't shout, in fact, Chen Miman is also a reason. After all, he is so poor, and it is still the face. If you have no money, you can only steal money!" Li Kai shouted at this time.

"If you don't have money, don't you hore? Also like to face, but still steal the wallet of others, it is too much to face!"

Gaffield said.

Chen Mo looked at G G G Gifei, whose eyes looked at Gaffefifei, but also did not have any angry, but also sneer.

Because Chen Mo is curious, what kind of mouthful face will be next?