Chapter 69: Just asking you, don't install it!

"You bought this villa, what should I do?"

Sun Wei, the manager of the sales office, I can't help but I can't help but I don't understand Chen Mo.

"Sun Wei, I just said, if Chen Gongzi did not buy this villa tomorrow, I didn't have any duty, but if Chen Gongzi bought this villa, what do you plan?" Wang Yaoyao instantly understood Chen Mo. The meaning of the big eyes glared at the water, and shouted with Sun Wei.

"..."

Sun Wei knew that Wang Yaoyao would want to bet with himself, but she didn't agree with him, but a little less in his heart.

After all, she can't be sure as Wang Yao Yao, because Sun Wei does not understand Chen Mo at this time.

So Sun Wei turned his head to the Mingmei, asked softly: "Xiaomei, you determine that this kid is a poor silk right?"

"The cousin, you can rest assured that this Chen Mo is definitely a poor silk!"

"When the bar was in the bar last night, all his classmates were standing out to reveal him. If he was not because of his classmates, I was lied by this Chen Mo, and Chen Mo also admitted that his classmates said. All is true! How can he have money to buy a villa? "

Mingmei is very certain to return.

Sun Wei heard the phrase of Mingmei, and Sun Hao came to the bottom gas.

Because she knows that her cousin is willing to lie to himself. Since Mingmei has already said, Chen Mo is definitely a poor student who rely on garbage to maintain life, and the 70 million to buy villas are simply one for Chen Mile. Astronomical figures, how can he come out?

"Wang Yao Yao, if this poor beam can buy the villa here, I have resigned, can you?"

Sun Wei said softly in Wang Yaoyao.

"Great!"

Wang Yaoyao nodded directly, then continue to say: "Let's see tomorrow, Chen Gongzi, let's go!"

"Don't need tomorrow, I can buy this villa today!"

Chen Miman returned to a sentence, and then directly reached out and took out his own call and dialed Li Juncheng's number.

In fact, Chen Mile originally intended to hold the card to buy this villa tomorrow, but did not expect to have met the Mingmei, and add Mingmei to the mids of yours, so that Chen Sime is very uncomfortable.

Although I have experienced things inside last night, Chen Mo knows that Mingmei's impression of Mingmei has already been twisted, and two people will not continue to get along.

But he thinks, even if he is really a poor child, Mingmei is not necessary to be so aggressive.

Chen Mo has never been exposed to his identity, but it does not mean that he really can make people bull.

So he was prepared to buy this villa, hit a face of Mingmei Sun Wei and others.

"Chen Gongzi!"

Li Jincheng quickly turned on the phone, and the tone shouted.

"Li Juncheng, I need 70 million now!"

Chen Deng said that there is no expression.

"Chen Gongzi, I am going abroad, telling me your address, I will directly let the bank send you a check, when you fill in it!" Li Juncheng said.

"I am now selling building in Jinxiu Manor Villa Area!"

Chen Mo looked up and saw the name of the sales office and faintly returned.

"Okay, I will let the bank in the bank will pass!"

Li Juncheng quickly returned.

Chen Mo did not have any nonsense, and did not hang up the phone.

In fact, Chen Mo could pay the bank card with Wang Yaoyao, but Chen Mo felt that this is a bit trouble, it is better to let Li Juncheng send money.

And if Chen Mo will choose to leave, so Mingmei and Sun Wei are estimated to leave, Chen Mo feels this kind of thing, or if it does not shoot, or it is the most exciting when the other party is most exciting, there is no such thing as this day. .

"The bank's people will send the money to the money, wait for a while!"

Chen Mo hangs up the phone and rushed to Wang Yaoyao.

"Okay, Chen Gongzi!" Wang Yao is busy nod, then the expression is challenged to the two people who are not far away.

Wang Yao Yao is very clear about Chen Mo. What is the background of Chen Mo, when Chen Mo said that the money will be sent immediately, and it will be willing to come over, Wang Yaoyao knows that he must definitely win today.

And Sun Wei's expression of Mingmei at this time is somewhat unfunction, although they know that Chen Mo is a poor child, but Chen Mo has called the phone call, but the calm expression on his face seems to tell them two Chen Mimo didn't seem to be joking with them.

"Xiaomei, this Chen Mo will not really be a rich second generation? Will you make a mistake?"

Sun Wei has a little guilty of Mingmei.

After all, this job is also very important for Sun Wei, she doesn't want to lose work because of these things.

"The cousin, you can rest assured that when the bar at the bar last night, Chen Mo's ex-girlfriend stopped Chen Mo, and Chen Mo himself admitted to me. He is a poor silk. He is now pretending to be rich. Download people, Wang Yao should be lied by Chen Mo! "

Mingmei is very confident, she doesn't believe that Chen Mo is really able to buy such a villa.

"But if Chen Mo is really lie, why don't he go now?" Sun Wei said with a brow.

"Maybe just want to make more realistic things!"

Mingmei has returned to a sentence, then continue to say: "The cousin, I think that Chen Mo said that the bank can have something to come, or Chen Mo finds a person to come and cooperate with him, but no matter how Chen Mo I can't buy this villa, you can rest assured! "

"That's good……"

After Sun Wei heard these words, the face on his face was significantly relaxed.

Miss sales in the sales office is also surrounded by Sun Wei at this time. It is clear that these people seem to believe in Mingmei, they think that Chen Miman cannot have money to buy this villa.

A blink of an eye, half a hour of time passed.

But the bank's people still did not come to Chen Mo.

Sun Wei seems to wait for some impatient, rushed to Chen Mo, and when the child, when is the person who sent you money? We have to wait until when? "

"Chen Mo, please don't do it, don't you don't know if you have no money to buy a villa? It is estimated that you will tell us that the bank can't come?" Mingmei also looked at Chen Mo.

Chen Mo slowed down and looked at Mingmei and suddenly heard a rush of footsteps from the location of the sales office.

A young hurry to wear black suit came to the sales office, and the expression was anxious: "Do you ask, which is Chen Mo Chen Gongzi?"

Everyone heard the phrase of youth, all were in the same place.