Chapter 10: I have a condition

On the other hand, there is a KTV in Nanyang City.

Several youths are sitting on the sofa while drinking while drinking, while Gaffeffeylii and Two girlfriends Xu Jiao are sitting in the sofa.

I haven't matter to Xu Jiao, which is still this matter, and Liu Luo, after all, hit people in the hotel last night, Gigfifi, but because these three people are a bedroom, Huang Mao Youth will all all Brought here.

At this time, Gao Feifei regret it, because she didn't expect this Huang Mao Youth background to be so big, if she knew the identity of Huang Mao Youth, then she said nothing, she said nothing.

Huang Mao Youth was originally called Wei Xiaole. Wei Xiaole is actually nothing big. But his brother is Wei Ming!

Wei Ming is a very famous social big brother near Nanyang University. Basic at 70% of the bar is all covered by Wei Ming. If it is the Nanyang University's student, Wei Ming, and there is no Good end.

"!"

Just at this time, I suddenly sounded a knock on the door.

"come in!"

Wei Mingzhi sitting in the middle of the sofa shouted.

Li Kai's face was nervous into the private room, then rushed to Wei Mingzhao, and said: "Ming Ge, hello!"

"Xiaokai is you!"

Wei Ming seems to know Li Kai and faintly returned.

Gaffeffi Liu Luo Xu Jiao three people heard the words of Wei Ming, after the eyes flashed, because if Li Kaizhen knows Wei Ming's words, it will not be very serious.

"Ming Ge, my girlfriend does not understand what you have given you your brother. You can give me a face today, let people put it, I will definitely don't happen this!" Li Kai said softly to Wei Ming. .

"Oh, Since you talk, this face is definitely to be given!"

Wei Ming smiled and then continued: "I originally got to let my brothers enjoy these three maids, but this is your friend, then I have to, you put my brother's medical expenses. I took them three things! "

"How much is the medical expense?" Li Kai got a teeth and asked.

"This woman's moving hand, she has 50,000, and the other two girls are 20,000!" Wei Ming pointed to G G Gifei.

Li Kai was directly in the original place after hearing this, and his face was abnormally collapsed. Yesterday, he spent more than 60,000 yuan in the hotel, and let his dad to come to send money. Now Wei Ming actually wants five Wan, Li Kai is not going to make so much money at all!

"Why don't you lose money?" Wei Ming seems to have seen Li Kai's meaning and asked with brows.

"Ming Ge, 50,000 is it a bit?" Li Kai said.

"Oh, if there is no money, there is no relationship, let these three maides will accompany my brother to a week, this matter is so much!" Wei Ming said.

Don't! "

Li Kai heard this after hearing, then he continued: "What, Ming Ge, you can't see this? Let me take people away, this money, you give me some time, I will definitely will Give you a lot! "

Wei Ming looked at Li Kai, whispered: "Yes, we will be aware of this long time, more less, you have to give you some face, I remember that you don't have a car? You Now put the car key in me, then give me money within one month, I will give you the car key ... "

Li Kai looked at Wei Ming directly.

"Don't you want?" Wei Ming frowned.

"No no……"

Li Kai was busy shaking his head, and then handed the car key to the front of Wei Ming.

"Ok, take away your girlfriend!" Wei Ming took the car key faint.

"Let's go!"

Li Kai's face helplessly looked at Gaffeffeyli Lui and others.

Three girls quickly got up and prepared to leave here, but at this time, Wei Ming suddenly shouted: "When do I say that you can go? I am let Li Kai take her girlfriend away. The rest of the two girls stay! "

Liu Di and Xu Jiao two people were directly in the original place after hearing the words of Wei Ming, and the expression is extremely desperate to Li Kai and Gao Feifei.

"Li Kai, can't you do two!" Liu Di quickly shouted.

Li Kai hit his head and watched Liu Di, and then wrinkled his brow: "I am now dilled to the river itself, how can you have two, you still want to think about it!"

Li Kai, Li Kai, Xu Jiao itself, there is no feeling, if he now takes these two people, it means that it will spend more 40,000 yuan, so Li Kai naturally does not intend to get more and more, say this Follow Gao Feifei to walk outside in the future.

Liu Di and Xu Jiao stood in the same place, the expression on his face was extremely desperate, because two of them did not think that Li Kai was so unfair, and they left their two. .

"What two are you planning to take money or plan to accompany me a week?" Wei Ming lived on the sofa, and smiled and rushed to Liu Di Xu Jiao.

Liu Luo itself is very good, the body is also very sexy, usually wearing dress is also fashionable, as for Xu Jiao, although long is a little bit, but it is not hard to see, and the chest is very big, if Huang Hair is still very hoping two I can't get it!

"Ming Ge, I ... we will make money!" Liu Di listened to Wei Ming's sentence, scared, and quickly brought to Baba back, and then took out his mobile phone to start calling.

Xu Jiao also began to contact his friends.

Liu Dadi is good with Xu Jiao's family, but it is not a rich second generation, so 20,000 yuan is not a small number for two people.

More than ten minutes, the two basically contacted all the friends they can contacted, but they were willing to borrow money for them.

"Liu Di, what should I do? My friend said that there is no money ..." Xu Jiao has been crying at this time, and he said.

"I ... I don't know what to do now, I haven't borrowed money here ..." Lu Di Tree shakes the petite.

"..."

Xu Jiao stunned, then whispered: "Liu Lu, I listened to the leader today, Zhao Anan said that Chen Mo has recently been a lottery ticket, so there will be money, or you will give Chen Mo, let him borrow money. Give us two ... "

"Do Chen Mo will save two?" Liu Luo hesitated.

"Now we can't find anyone else, you are not as good as trying ..."

"That!"

Liu Di nodded and then died Chen Mo's phone directly.

After Chen Mo saw Liu Di to call himself, I don't want to know what is something, so I didn't even happen.

Liu Luo did not give up, once again dialed Chen Mo's phone.

"Something wrong?"

Chen Miman is cold asked.

"Chen Mo, I need 40,000 yuan now, can you help me!"

Although Liu Di Xin is very unwilling to ask Chen Mo, she is really a way.

"Why do I help you?"

Chen Mail asked.

"you……"

Liu Di heard this after heard this, then biting his red lips whispered: "Chen Mo, are you not going to break up with G G Gifei? You can help me today, I will be your girlfriend, you know, you know, I haven't talked love from Xiaoyao, and I am not bigger than Gaffeffef. "

"Do you want to be my girlfriend?"

Chen Mer didn't help but laughed, then he said: "Do you think you have this qualification?"

"Chen Mo, you are a bit too too much, are you not a lottery? I can't help you?" Liu Di was very excited.

"Okay, I have no mood to talk nonsense with you, so, I can save you in the past, but I have a request, today you go to open the room, I will let you do what you do, how?" Chen Mo slow Round.

"..." Liu Di took the mobile phone face shame, she did not expect Chen Mo to make such a request.

"I gave you a minute of consideration, promise or not promise!" Chen Mo said.

Liu Di couldn't help but see the position of Huang Hair, at this time, she must make a choice between Huang Mao and Chen Mai. Chen Mo is a poor, but it is OK, and it is one night, if I fall in the hands of yellow hair, that is not what happened.

So Liu Lu took a look at it, he bite his teeth: "Well, Chen Mo, I promise you!"

Chen Mo listened to this phone, and how many somewhat in the heart, I used to look very much about my Liu Luo, and I just used 40,000 yuan, but I would rather to open the house with myself.

Sometimes, money can really change a lot.