Chapter 15: See also clothes?

Du Tianhao followed Chen Mo, hesitated for two seconds, whispered: "Chen Gongzi, do you know this? If you feel uncomfortable, I will look back, let's find this Wei Xiaole!"

"This Wei Xiaole is nothing more than a small mix, there is no need to waste time on him!"

Chen Mo said faint.

"It's also ha!"

Du Tianhao nodded softly, then continue: "Then I drive to school back to school?"

"No, your car is a bit shake. If you are seen by my classmates, you will drive now!" Chen Mo hesitated and refused.

"Well, Chen Gongzi you can call me directly if you have any instructions!" Du Tianhao said.

"Yep!"

Chen Mo has promised, and then goes to the school in the step.

After a moment, Du Tianhao drove, Chen Mer's person couldn't help but began to recall the things that occurred in the past few days in their minds.

"Sometimes money this thing can really change everything!"

Chen Mo did not help but sigh.

"Jingle Bell!"

At this time, the ringtone rang.

Chen Mer took the mobile phone to see an eye, and found that it was a strange number. Chen Mo directly connected to the phone softly: "Hello, that?"

"Chen Mo, I let your book move to my dormitory?" The class teacher Yanmei is like a gap in the phone around the phone.

"Teacher Yan, I have just a little thing, I will move now!"

Chen Merrysthes suddenly remembered that the morning Yanmei said to himself, and quickly returned to a sentence.

"I went to the dormitory at three o'clock in the afternoon. If something didn't arrive, Xiao Chen Mo, you are finished!"

The Yan Xia has returned to a sentence, and then hangs directly.

Chen Mo took the mobile phone, then rushed to the school's position, although there is a lot of things, but there is still no way to change Chen Mo's demon, this fact!

......

Chen Mo ran into the school with his fastest speed. If you let Du Tianhao send yourself back, Chen Mo will not be so tired.

" !"

Chen Merlot broke the door of the knock on the teaching office.

"come in!"

The sound of a middle-aged woman sounded.

Chen Miman pushed the door and then said softly: "I am a teacher coming over to get things!"

Middle-aged women heard this, looked up, swept Chen Mo, and then stretched his fingers, and said something that was covered by kraft paper, and said: "Things are here, take it!"

"Thank you, teacher!"

Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence, then directly bent and picked up, turned around and walked outside the Academic Affairs Office.

Yanme makes Chen Mo's things that should be a small book, but it is not a lot in the book, and it is still very light.

Before Yan Xia, Chen Mo's twisted to her dormitory, so this is not his first time to go to the girl's dormitory, even the dormitory aunt has already known Chen Mo.

After a while, Chen Merlot pushed the door to Yanme's room, a very attractive and fragrant face, this fragrance was exactly the same as the fragrance on Yan Mu.

Chen Mo is very greedy deeply, then walking into the dormitory.

Nanyang University's welfare of employees is still very good. Every teacher is equipped with a single dormitory of a living room, and the decoration in the dormitory is also very good, plus Yanme this woman itself is very love. Clean and clean the room clean up.

The woman, such a woman, seems to be very like purple, whether the bed sheet is or the curtain, is purple.

Chen Mo is standing in the table of Yanme, ready to leave.

But when Chen Mo just prepared to go out of the dormitory, a thing attracted Chen Mo's line of sight!

A black lace sexy underwear is hanging on the dryer of the balcony, and the breeze is gently shaking.

After Chen Mo saw Yanme's underwear, I couldn't help but swallow the mouth, and the ghost walked in the balcony.

After a while, Chen Mo stands in front of that black underwear, the expression on his face is very excited, but in fact, Chen Mo did not want to do anything. After all, this situation, all men should feel curious, want to see it.

"I didn't expect Yanme-this woman's underwear."

Chen Mer did not hinder soft sigh, and then couldn't help but recall in his mind.

Although there is something to say in the school, but in fact, Chen Mo feels that the woman is still very good, although it seems to be a bit strict, but it is still very good for Chen Mo, usually knowing that Chen Mo has no money, what is the need for school? The activities of paying money are actually Yan Mo, although Yanme has not said, but Chen Mo has always been very exciting.

"call……"

Chen Mo looked at Yanme's underwear deeply sucking a breath and turned and wanted to leave.

" ..."

But just at this time, a crisp high heels tap the sound of the ground sounded outside the room.

Chen Mo listened to the sound, and then did not wait for Mo's reaction, and the sexy and beautiful Yanme will reach out to open the door.

Chen Mo saw that the eyes were in the future, and then suddenly looked up to the underwear in front of him. He knew that if you go out at this time, then Yan Be will definitely guess what Chen Mo has just been doing!

According to the character of Yanme, if he found it, Chen Mo may be dead!

Chen Mer didn't help but took a breath, and then completely made it out of my ability, then hiding behind the balcony.

"I am exhausted ..."

After entering the room, Yan Merk placed the teaching plan in his hand in the table, and then gently stretched a lazy waist, the scale of the chest was very violent.

And Chen Mima hid behind the door, can only be able to leave in the heart of the prayer.

"Da da……"

At this time, Yanme kicked off the delicate high heel shoes on his feet, and then stepped on the stockings.

"what……"

After a few seconds, Yanme suddenly screamed.

When Chen Mo heard the voice, he quickly looked at Yanmei and found that Yanme had just accidentally spilled the coffee in his hands in his clothes.

Yan Mus can't stand slightly frown, then reach out and take your coat directly.

At this time, it is a white shirt, but because of the coffee blur, there are several very obvious stains, Chen Mo looked at the Yanmei in the room, couldn't help but suck a cold gas. Heart in the heart: "This woman will not take off the shirt?"

Chen Mo's sentence just finished, Yanme slowly opened the top buckle in his shirt!

Chen Mer is in the original place!