Chapter 56: Available to the big trouble!

When Chen Mo said, as if the whole class was in a silent, everyone looked at Chen Mo's position and the expression on the face was very incredible.

After all, these students above the class have not thought that Chen Mo can actually speak so exciting news.

Liu Di actually rushing in the hotel, take the initiative to take the bed with Chen Mo?

This matter is simply impossible in the eyes of everyone. Don't say that it is a girl like Liu Ran, even if it is the most ugly girl in the class, it is impossible to take the initiative to bed with Chen Mo.

And Liu Di has been very disgusting Chen Mo, how can she do this?

Liu Lu glared at Chen Mo, and the expression on his face was also very shocking, and there were fewer regrets in his heart. She didn't think of her words in the future, Chen Mo I have said two of them in the hotel.

And Chen Mo did not have the meaning of this matter, although Liu Luo's woman is really awkward in Chen Mo's eyes, but no matter how it is the same class, if he tells this thing, The impact will be very large.

But today, Chen Mo is not very good, plus Liu Di's two-year-old martyrdom, Chen Mo is in anxious, saying this.

"Chen Mo, what is your mother?"

At this time, a child in the class was highly high in the class, and the expression was very excited to rush through Chen Mo.

Chen Mo looked at the boys. This boys called Zhao Hongtao. It is a sports member of the class. It is a burly and healthy, but the brain is somewhat not very good. It is a simple and thoroughness.

Zhao Hongtao likes Liu Luo. It is no longer a day and two days. I have repeatedly spendly with Liu Di, but I will be refused by Liu Luo.

Although Liu Di can't see Zhao Hongtao, but always keeps a distance from Zhao Hongtao, this is to control Zhao Hongtao to work.

At this time, Chen Mo actually said that Liu Di took the initiative to take off the clothes and wanted to bed with Chen Mo. This is a shame of Liu Luo in Zhao Hongtao. He will definitely not sit down.

"I said?"

Chen Mo looked at Zhao Hongtao, then smiled, and continued: "I have to say that you can ask Liu Di!"

The classmates inside the class have turned their heads after hearing this, and Liu Rong at this time is completely in a state of force, and she has never seen it from Chen Mo's words. I don't know what I am now. How to explain it.

"Liu Lu, what do you talk? Do you say that Chen Mo is talking? As long as you talk, I am now toned to him!"

Zhao Hongtao shouted with Liu Luo.

Liu Di stands in place for two seconds, and then even crying, there is no explanation at all.

Gao Feifei saw Liu Di crying, even quickly went to Liu Luo, put Liu Di to the table, then twisted to see Chen Mo, the tone of icy Question: "Chen Mo, since Liu Luo take the initiative to follow you Go to bed, then have you ever? "

"Is this kind of evidence?"

Chen Mo fell back.

"Since you have no evidence, then you can't prove that these things are true, you are here Hu, you must have an apology to Liu Luo now!" Gao Feifei is rushing.

"I apologize, but Liu Luoli needs to return me 40,000 yuan to her, you can ask Li Luo, she wants to apologize to me, still want to pay attention to money!"

Chen Deng said that there is no expression.

Gao Feifei heard this later, I couldn't help but stunned. He turned his head to the position of Liu Luo, and some of the hearts of Liu Di did not owe Chen Mo 40,000 yuan.

"Xiao Di, do you owe him?"

Zhao Hongtao asked softly to Liu Di.

"me..."

Liu Di's tears will not know how to explain this thing with everyone.

"Jingle Bell!"

At this time, the ringtone on the class suddenly rang.

"Well, don't stand here, there is something privately handled, immediately go to class, the teacher will see you, will definitely be unhappy!" Zhao Anan, who heard the ringtone, as if it was I want to ask Chen Mo, so I quickly shouted.

Zhao An'an has just finished, and the class has also passed a crisp high-heeled sound. The class teacher Yanme is ***** and beautifully dressed in the location of the classroom. The classmates inside the class see the class teacher Yan Jia. Go back to your own seat.

Gao Feifei Zhao Hongtao and others have hesitated, and he dare not continue to talk to Chen Mo, so it has been dissipated.

A farce is like this, no one knows that Liu Di wants to have this thing with Chen Mo's bed. It is really a fake. Why is Liu Luo owe Chen Mo's 40,000 yuan, after all, for a college students who don't work? For, 40,000 yuan is not a small number.

There is also the most intimate, how can Chen Mo's poor silk may have 40,000 yuan?

Chen Mo returned to his seat, and Liu Ruomeng saw Chen Mo's coming back, the expression on his face was very convinced.

"Chen Mo, what did you just say is true or false?"

Liu Rui asked Chen Mail.

"You guess what I said is true or false?"

Chen Mo fell back.

"Liu Di will not really take the initiative to go to bed with you?"

Liu Rui didn't have a way to believe this matter at this time.

"Ha ha..."

Chen Mo looked at Liu Rui and smiled and did not explain too much.

Chen Mo said that this sentence is actually nothing more than wanting to smash Li Luo, venting his dissatisfaction with Liu Di, since Chen Mo will not continue to work with Liu Di.

Liu Ruomang was very intuitive in his heart, but because this is a class of Yanme, they didn't dare to ask Chen Mo's thing, so there did not continue to speak.

The time of the class has passed very quickly.

Because Chen Mo is at this time, it is not necessary to be in the school every day. There is only one lesson this morning.

Since the get out of class, the students in the class will leave the classroom, returning to the bedroom, but the students in the class today have not yet, the atmosphere is very strange.

Chen Mo's simple cleaning up his own thing is ready to leave, but at this time, Zhao Hongtao Li Kai and the other few other boys who have a good relationship with Li Kai relations directly, they directly stopped Chen Mo at the door of the classroom.

"After it, Chen Mo is getting troubled today!"

Meng Liang saw that the tone was lighter after this scene.