Chapter 29: Are you a man?

"What conditions do you have, listen to it!"

Chen Mo knows that since Su Mu, since it can promise to marry himself, he is not so simple. He has not confident that Su Mu Bai's woman will feel in love with himself.

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo and then said: "First, the first condition of our two marriages is that we can declare a husband and wife, but we have two without any relationship, you are You, I am me! "

"You will follow it!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"The second condition is that you can't have any non-division to me, you can't make anything infringed on my, we can't live in the same room, even if you live in the same room, You can't live in the same bed! "Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mai asked.

"What are the conditions?"

Chen Mer is not laughing. At this time, he can feel that Su Mu Bai is really not wanting to marry himself. She is nothing more than wanting to accompany her to play with her, and then get Li Juncheng to them for them. Investment.

"The third condition is what I do. You have no right to intervene." Su Mu Bai slowly said.

"There is no right to intervene." Chen Mo smiled and then asked softly: "What does this sentence mean?"

"It means very simple. If I have met my favorite man outside, I can talk to others, but you can't intervene, the same, if you encounter your favorite girl, you can do what you like, I will not intervene! "Wen Ruo's slow solution.

"What do you mean, do you want to be a famous couple?"

Chen Mail asked.

"Yes, I mean this. Let's meet the first time today. If I am really willing to marry you, you should feel very incredible, so it is better to say all things directly, this kind It's fair to our two people! "Su Mu Bai slowly said.

"I don't think you said these requirements for me. If you really marry me, you can get help from others, and I can get a daughter-in-law, so very fair, But if you say, I am equivalent to playing with you, you can get the money, then what can I get? "

Chen Mer asked softly.

Su Mu Bai heard that Chen Mo did not stand it, she didn't think that Chen Mo would be so smart and instantly responded.

"I understand your situation, what's the most missing thing now is money? As long as you can promise me these requirements, I can give you five thousand dollars a living expenses every month, it is compensation to you!"

Su Mu Bai rushed to Chen Mo.

"You are planning to bind me, don't you?" Chen Mo smiled.

"Please let you understand!"

Su Mu Bai fell back and then continued: "According to your current economic conditions, a month is not a small number of five thousand, you can think about it, as long as you can promise me these conditions. , We can get the certificate at any time! "

Sushu Yuxi, who heard these words between Su Mu Bai and Chen Mo, as if some of the meaning of Su Mu Bai.

These requirements that Su Mu Bai said were very too much. Chen Mo really agreed, then married to Su Mu, and did not have any difference with a live king.

It's hard to get a beautiful wife like Su Mu, who can't do anything, and Su Mu Bai finds another man outside, Chen Mo has no right to intervene.

This is obviously in humiliating Chen Mo, but all men should not agree to this requirement!

Moreover, Su Mu Bai actually gave Chen Mo's five thousand dollars every month. A big man actually took a living fee from a woman's hand, which is more insulting.

"The cousin is definitely being forced to be helpless, so we will be in the same time with this Chen Mo. Now the cousin is in deliberately humiliating Chen Mo, so that Chen Mu knows difficult and retreat!"

"The conditions mentioned just now are so harsh, Chen Mo will definitely not promise, Chen Mo does not agree, the marriages between them will cancel, and Chen Mo takes the initiative to regret, the cousin is really too smart!"

Su Tuyu Station can't help but lake in the heart.

"I think it is too little to give me five thousand a month?"

At this time, Chen Mo's voice interrupted the thoughts of Su Tuyu.

"What? This bastard is really really to agree? Is there some dignity? Not only agreed, but it is still five thousand less than a month? What is this Chen Mo?"

The Su Tuyu turned his head to Chen Mo and his expression was very incredible.

At this time, the impression of Chen Mo is already extremely bad. I thought that Chen Mo was a bit shameless, but now she feels that Chen Mo's individual is not very good, there is no dignity at all.

"If you feel less than 5,000, how about 10,000?"

Su Mu Bai didn't seem to think that Chen Mer will promise himself to neglect, after can't stand it, asked softly.

"OK, one month of 10,000, we have two days to get the certificate, you can promise you!"

Chen Miman said casually.

"You ... you really agreed?" Su Mu-white saw that Chen Mo was so happy, very incredible.

"Yes, I think it is a lot of 10,000 yuan a month. How many bottles are you?" Chen Mo smiled back to a sentence.

"What is the relationship between some men, you don't care?" Su Muhu continued.

"Don't care, anyway, you give me ten thousand dollars every month, it is to support me, rich women can help me, of course, I can also pack others, I don't care ..." Chen Mo said.

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo in front of him, his expression was abnormal. In addition to disappointment, it was disappointed, because she didn't understand how a man could have no interest to this point.

When Chen Mo, the idea is also very simple. Since people Su Mu Bai don't like themselves, he does not need to force Su Mu Bai to marry himself, although Su Mu Bai is very beautiful and very charming, but the melon melon is not sweet .

Chen Mima wants to marry Su Mu Bai, because there is this requirement in the will, and Su Mu-Bai wants to marry Chen Mo, which is also for Sujia.

Both sides are all required, and there is no problem with anyone who is right.

Just now Chen Mo didn't care about greed, in fact, it is only to cover up his identity. After all, Su Mu Bai gives Chen Mo's 10,000 yuan every month. For Chen Mo, it will not pay for it.