Chapter 71: Don't remember what I said with you?

In the sales office.

Zhang Ming stunned after hearing Wang Mong, and his expression was doubtful to the position of Wang Wang.

"Manager, will you not know me? I am Wang Zhongqiang. At the beginning, our company has already run a loan in your bank, that is, you will receive me, I will say that I have to ask you to eat ..."

Wang Ming said he said.

Sun Wei Mingmei and the sales lady inside the sales office have been stupid after listening to this sentence of Wang Zhongqiang.

Bank, loan, is your reception!

These words are connected together, even if the fool can be analyzed, Zhang Ming is definitely the staff who went to work at the bank!

"This is really a manager of the ICBC?"

Sun Yu's eyes flashed, and then watched the check who was suddenly thrown on the ground, secretly said in his heart: "If Zhang Ming is the bank's manager, then ... then this Is it true? "

I have always advocated the alarm to grasp Chen Mo Zhang Ming and others, and it is also completely stupid at this time.

"Ah, it is the master of Wang, I think it is!"

Zhang Ming got up and looked at Wang Zhongqiang, and it took the moment.

"Today, how do you have time to come to me today? Last I have always said that you have to ask you to eat, there is no chance, or you will drink some?"

The real estate company such as Wang Zhongqiang is actually very large for the bank's demand. Basically, they need to take some loans in the bank, and then wait until the house sells and goes on the loan.

Although Zhang Ming is just a small manager, but the competent credit department, so Wang Zhongqiang talks to Zhang Ming at this time, it is very polite.

"Wang, the employee under your hand just wants to call me, where I have a mood to eat!"

Zhang Ming said that he said with a strong rush of Wang Zhongqiang.

"Can't grab it? Why do you want you?"

Wang Zhongqiang asked with brows.

"This, today I came over to send a check, but your person didn't say that I was a fake, and my check was also fake, so they wanted to call!" Zhang Ming explained a sentence.

"..."

Wang Zhongqiang heard Zhang Ming's sentence, I couldn't help but twist, I lost my eyes. Although Chen Mo wore a lot of ordinary, Wang Zhongqiang is not a fool, he knows that since Zhang Ming can come to send check, the identity background is absolutely not simple.

"Chen Gongzi, Zhang Manager, this is too embarrassing, I will deal with it now, you have a little more!"

Wang Zhongqiang has a slightest slightest, and the tone is very respectful and rushed to Chen Mimu.

"Taoism, I think you should do a good job of people under your hand. I will not be easy to put Chen Gongzi's visit to your sales office. If you don't thank you, you will be, I have to call the police, how is this? "

After seeing Wang Zhongqiang, it was clear that Wang Yao Yao was very hard.

"Yes, I will definitely deal with this matter!"

Wang Zhongqiang returned to a sentence, then turned his head to Sun Wei and others, and asked without expression: "Who is preparing to alarm, come out!"

"..."

Sun Wei hesitated and stood up.

"Sun Wei, is the police you want to report?" Wang Zhongqiang looked at Sun Wei and the expression seems to be a bit difficult.

Wang Zhongqiang knew that Sun Wei had a very hard boyfriend, she was in the company for a long time in the company, Wang Zhongqiang saw that she did not plead, but she couldn't make Sun Wei.

"Wang Zheng, just now, I made this Ming prove that my identity, he also did not prove, and that Chen Mingming is a poor-eyed egg. In the school, it is relying on the waste of waste. How can he have money to buy more than 70 million? The villa, even if Zhang Ming is the bank's manager, I think this matter is definitely a problem! "

Even if I know Zhang Mingzhen is the manager of the ICBC, Sun Wei still does not believe that Chen Mo has money to buy this villa.

"How do you know that Chen Gongzi has no money?"

Wang Yaoyao shouted with his big eyes in Water.

"Do you look like there is a rich man?" Sun Hao returned to a small mouth.

"Okay, you are not a noisy!"

Wang Zhongqiang has no expression, then continue to say: "This is good, did you just send a check? I now let our finances check this check is true or fake. Everything is clear! "

Sun Wei heard this check from the ground, and then he was in the hands of Wang Zhongqiang, whispered: "That is always this check!"

"Do you lose the check on the ground? If this check is true, are you compensated?"

Wang Zhongqiang shouted with Sun Wei helplessly.

"Total, you can rest assured, this check is definitely not true, I have doubt that Zhang Ming is Chen Mo's shouting to help him play!" Sun Wei said very confidently.

And Zhang Ming looked at Sun Wei, and he flashed in his eyes. He didn't understand why Sun Wei was so confirmed that Chen Mo didn't get this money.

"Really fake, I will identify it!"

Lang Zhongqiang took out his mobile phone while talking out his phone.

After a few seconds, a girl with glasses running downstairs.

"Wang, do you have anything to find?"

The girl asked softly from Wang Zhongqiang.

"Xiao Liu, do you give me a look at this check?"

Wang Zhongqiang handed the check to the girl's hands.

After the girl passed the check, I checked it very much, and I will take out the magnifying glass from time to time.

After a few minutes, girls were not bad, and they also gave the check to Wang Zhongqiang, and then said: "Total, this check is the general check of the ICBC, the top signing stamp is also very complete, so this check is now Effective, get the bank to be cashed at any time! "

After listening to the phrase of a girl, Wang Zhongqiang was scared, and the right hand holding a check was slightly shaking.

You know that this is a ticket worth 70 million!

Just now I was thrown upstairs, if not because I have appeared in time, it is likely to be a big event!

Mingmei Sun Wei and everyone in the field have exposed a shock expression after hearing girls, who can think of Chen Mo's check is really true!

"How is this possible? Is Chen Mo not a garbage? How can he have so much money?"

Mingmei even feels that he is now like a dream, watching Chen Mo sitting on the sofa.

Chen Mo did not say a word from the head to the end, because Chen Mo's clearing his own check is true, it is really impossible to become fake!

"How can this check may be true? Xiao Liu, have you made a mistake?"

Sun Wei shouted very excited.

"Sun Manager, you can do it, I will never make a mistake. If you don't believe, you can now ask this check to the bank!" The financial little Liu said that Sun Wei said seriously.

"Don't go to the bank, I am a bank, I can prove that this check doesn't have any problems!"

Zhang Ming said that there is no expression.

Sun Wei was completely stupid after hearing these two people.

Chen Miman slowly got up, and stepped into the face of Sun Wei, and said softly, Sun Wei said: "What do you say before I bought this villa?"