Chapter 17: I am a woman in the door?

"Is my body?"

Yanmei is incomparably, the voice sounds in Chen Mimi, Chen Mima can stand, the mind is in the mind, he doesn't know what this sentence is.

"Speak, my body is not good?"

Yanme glanced at Chen Mo's expression.

Chen Mer didn't help it deeply, then whispered: "Teacher Yan, I didn't see anything ..."

Yanme heard Chen Mo's words, there was a helpless, then said with a small mouth: "I am really not interesting, you will think that the teacher will not say you, after all, you are not intentional ...... "

"I didn't see it!"

Chen Mo has been tortured in a few collapses of Yanme.

"Well, I have a friend to open a two-day bar, but I haven't found a suitable waiter yet. I heard that you have always been to do part-time outside the school? Otherwise you go to my friend's bar to dry a while Is it? "Yan Xia no longer continued to make Chen Mo, said softly.

If it is the previous Mamei, he will definitely want to agree directly, and the heart will be very thankful for Yanme.

But now the situation is different, Chen Mo can just inherit a few billion assets, how can I go to a small bar?

"Teacher Yan, I am not working outside outside ..." Chen Mo hesitated and refused.

"You are not working outside now? What should your tuition?"

Yanme heard Chen Mo's sentence stunned, and the beauty flashed.

God's family situation is actually very well understood, if if it is replaced, Chen Mo will definitely want to agree, but this time Chen Mo actually rejected himself.

"Yes, I don't go outside now. I have found a more relaxed job, I can earn more!" Chen Mo said.

"Oh!"

Yanme glantly nodded and then continued: "But my friend's bar has just opened, and now I am really lacking, or if you have the first to help do a week?"

"Teacher Yan ..." Chen Mo hesitated.

"Little Chen Mo, if you don't agree me, we have two things to have a good thing, you just pee about the things I changed!" Yanme said softly.

"Teacher, I really didn't see anything!" Chen Mimi said very helpless.

"Do you see that you are not clear in your heart?"

Yan Wei took a picture.

"..."

Chen Mo hesitated, then whispered: "That, I will be a mother teacher, you are busy ..."

"Do you see that I change clothes?"

When the horses changed to a person, they frowned shouted.

Chen Mimer was speechless.

A few minutes later, Chen Mo left the Yanme's dormitory. He did not admit that he didn't see it, and Yan Mei nature did not naturally.

After I walked out of the dormitory, I thought about the tempting body of Yanme, but I had to admit that the body of Yanme is really not more than those of Liu Di Gao Feifei.

In just a day, Chen Mo's hair actually saw two sexy beauty's body, which made Chen Sime gradually began to bother to find a girlfriend.

Previously, Chen Mo has been with Gaofeff, he feels that he is not talking to Gao Feifei. Gao Feifei is nothing more than a tool that can give her money. At this time, Gaffield has found a new flower. Money tool, so we will abandon yourself.

"Who is right?"

Chen Mo whispered.

If he does not inherit the heritage, he will never be so confident. After all, he is nothing more than a poor yaw at that time, the girl will not look at Chen Mo at all.

But now it is different, Chen Mo is now very rich, he feels that as long as you will spend money on the other side, then there is no girl to reject him.

"The squad leader Zhao An'an seems to be not bad ..."

Thinking of this, Chen Mo has emerged in his mind, and the exquisite face of Zhao An'an has begun to think about how it should pursue Zhao An'an in his heart.

"Jingle Bell……"

At this time, Chen Mo's mobile phone suddenly rang.

Chen Mai took a mobile phone to see an eye, and found that it was a call to Li Juncheng.

"Hey?"

Chen Mer is connected to the phone.

"Chen Gongzi, is you convenient now?" Li Juncheng asked very politely.

"Easy, is there anything?"

"Chen Gongzi, this is the case, I have been working with your fiancee. Tomorrow, tomorrow, do you think in Jacques meal," Li Juncheng said slowly.

"My unmarried wife?"

Chen Mo listened to this sentence of Li Juncheng, directly stunned, and his face is abnormal.

"Yeah, Chen Gongzi, have you forgotten? If you have a regulation when you inherit the board of directors, you will need you to marry Su Mu Bai as a wife. If you don't have a lady with Su Mu Bai in two years If you are married, then the previous will not take effect! "Li Juncheng said slowly.

"I think it is ..."

Chen Mo responded to the expression helplessly promised.

Originally, he was also intended to find a girlfriend in the school, but by Li Juncheng said that Chen Mo is reacted, he did one such provision at the beginning of the inheritance.

"Su Mu Bai's long-lasting look?" Chen Mo asked softly in Li Juncheng.

"Chen Gongzi, I don't know how to answer you, you will see Miss Su tomorrow, don't you know?" Li Juncheng said.

"Forget it, how can you look good? Anyway, if I want to inherit this legacy, I must marry Su Mu Bai is not right?" Chen Mo asked weakly.

"The contract is indeed such a provision!"

Li Juncheng returned to a sentence.

"Then I will not be married to Su Mu, I can't get it, I can't help it?" Chen Miman wrinked and continued to ask.

"Correct!"

"What should I do in this king? Let me inherit the legacy inheritance? Why did you get a such provision ..." At this time, Chen Mo did not have seen his unmarried wife, and he felt that the girl who sent the door is affirmative. It is also the kind of marry, so Chen Mo is very depressed.

"This is the rule of the chairman of Wang, how is the Chairman of the Special Wang considers, I am not very clear!" Li Juncheng said faintly.

"Yes, I know, I will pass tomorrow!"

Chen Mo's low returned to a sentence.

"Right, Chen Gongzi, I have something to remind you ..." Li Juncheng said slowly.

"What?" Chen Mo said.

"Now Su Miss, Miss Su, do not know your true identity, that is, in their eyes, you are still at the beginning, so you can't watch your identity with Su Miss, and if you really follow Su If you are married, you should be the home of Sujia! "Li Juncheng said slowly.

"What? I ... I am the last-door woman?"

Chen Mo listened to the sentence of Li Juncheng, and Chen Mai's expression was very incredible.