Chapter 44: Not happy

No one thought that Wei Jiaqi said that it was so straightforward. One of her words, let Meng Liang Liu Rui Chen Mo's expression have become very embarrassed.

"Wei Jiaqi, how do you talk?"

Liu Rui's expression is excited to shout at Wei Jiaqi.

"What is the relationship with you? Is this people not burst? I went to the bar with Meng Liang to find my friend, I don't want to bring any questions with him?" Wei Jiaqi took a small mouth. Arrogant back.

"you……"

Liu Rui said that Wei Jiaqi said something I don't know how to answer. After hesitating, he directly reached out and grabbed Chen Mo, whispered: "Chen Mo, we will walk two!"

"Yep!"

Chen Mile itself is not very interested in drinking this, and at this time, he saw that Wei Jiaqi didn't seem to welcome himself, so I also produced the idea of ​​leaving here.

"Chen Mo Liu Rui, you are waiting!"

Meng Liang saw that Chen Mo had to go to the hand and stopped Chen Mo, after all, he was in order to introduce girlfriend to Chen Mo, and if Chen Mo left, what is going on?

"He Yizi, what is Wei Jiaqi said there? She is so down from Chen Mo, then what bar will we go with you?" Liu Rui shouted.

Meng Liang was listening to Liu Rui's sentence, the expression on his face was very helpless, said softly; "In fact, Jia Qi also doesn't mean anything else, don't go it in your heart, just give me a face. Don't you still do it? "

"..."

Liu Rui looked at Meng Liang. After all eyes, Liu Yan hesitated. After all, today is Meng Liang called them in the past, even if it does not give Wei Jiaqi's face, it is not a face.

"Meng Liang, is that person is not a broken? Do you take him to do what? Sharowing is now?"

At this time, Wei Jiaqi smiled at the shoulder cold.

"Jiaqi, can you say less!"

Meng Liang's expression was unusually shouted, then directly arrived to Wei Jiaqi's side, and Wei Jiaqi said: "Jiaqi, you come over with me, I have a few words to tell you ..."

"What are you talking to me? I will definitely not go to the bar today. If I know my friend, I will definitely joke me!"

Wei Jiaqi shouted with Meng Liang very unhappy.

"Today, Chen Mai will let us go to the bar to drink. If he doesn't go, who pays it?" Meng Liang said helplessly.

"He please go to the bar to drink?"

Wei Jiaqi heard the words of Meng Liang, flashing a surprised in his eyes, saying that it couldn't understand: "How can his poor light eggs may have money, please go to the bar to drink? And before, you don't say to put my roommate What is introduced to your friend? The friend you said will not be Chen Mo? "

"Yes, Chen Mo!"

Meng Liang nodded.

"Meng Liang, are you crazy? Chen Mima is a broken, how can my friend look at him, you still have to let him go back, don't be shameful here?" Wei Jiaqi knows Meng Liang is ready to introduce his roommates to Chen Mo, and the tone will once again increase a bit, and the students around them turned their head to the position of Wei Jiaqi Meng Liang and others.

Moreover, Wei Jiaqi has just speaking the voice very much, and there is no scrupleness of Chen Mo.

"Jia Qi, can you do a small point, Chen Mo is my best friend, before, he just lost love, I just want to comfort him ..." Meng Liang bite the teeth, and said with Wei Jiaqi.

"Meng Liang, why do you have a poor eggs like Chen Mo?"

Wei Jiaqi asked very much.

"Wei Jiaqi, isn't you too much?"

At this time, Liu Rui finally couldn't help but starry the beads and shouted Wei Jiaqi.

"How do I have excessive, what I just said? Isn't the fact? Anyway, I don't care, today, this Chen Mo wants to go to the bar, I will not go, I can't introduce my roommate to Chen Mo." " Wei Jiaqi said with arrogance of the shoulders.

"Yinzi, or do you go, I will not go!"

Chen Mo, who has been standing on the side, finally said.

"Chen Mo, don't go!"

Meng Liang quickly stretched Chen Mima, and then turned his face without expression. Wei Jiaqi said: "Jiaqi, if you don't want to bring Chen Mo to the bar, then you will go back!"

"..."

Wei Jiaqi heard Meng Liang's sentence directly in the original place, the expression on his face was very incredible.

"Meng Liang, what did you say to me?"

Wei Jiaqi asked Meng Liang asked Meng Liang.

"I said that you don't want to take Chen Mo, then you will go, anyway, today is Chen Mai to drink, Chen Mo does not go, I will not go!" Meng Liang bite the teeth and repeated.

"Meng Liang, are you a brain into the water? What do you actually because of a broken rush?"

Wei Jiaqi has no way to believe that Meng Liang said.

"Wei Jiaqi, I have just told you several times, Chen Mo is my best friend, not cracking, I like you is right, but you don't mean you can have been so humiliated my friend, you think we are these People are not eligible to drink with you, then you will go! "

It has always been out of the outbreak of Meng Liang, who has been silent, and whispered to Wei Jiaqi.

"You actually rush me? Good, Meng Liang, go, I am afraid that you are not?"

Wei Jiaqi shouted, then turned directly to leave.

Chen Mo saw that Wei Jiaqi really left, there seems to be a little over, and the front step is softly rushed to Meng Liang: "Yinzi, in fact, you don't have this, I don't want to go to the bar, and even if I go to people Not necessarily to see me, or you still chase Wei Jiaqi back! "

"What she said today is too much, let her own reflect!"

Meng Liang returned to a sentence.

Chen Mo stands in the same place, I don't know what to say, I didn't think that this thing would actually make this look.

"Forget it, don't because I have a man swept your own, I still don't go to the bar, you have two times!"

Chen Mima has always been in the heart of Wen Rui to meet the happiness, and Wei Jiaqi's leave just gave him a reason that I couldn't go to the bar, so I was going to turn it later.

"Without Wei Jiaqi, we still don't drink alcohol. Some of the girls inside the bar, I will introduce you a few!"

Liu Rui quickly reached out to Chen Mo.

On the other hand, Wei Jiaqi just got out of 50 meters away, her ringtone suddenly rang.

Wei Jiaqi hesitated, took out the phone and connected the phone, and then said softly: "Lele, what happened?"

"Jiaqi, where are you now? I have been going to Nanyang University here, and you are not to introduce the handsome guy to give us two awareness? Why didn't you come over?" Girl asked with a smile.

"What is your handsome guy? It is a stinky, how can I look at him?"

Wei Jiaqi heard the roommate, couldn't help but whispered.