Chapter 94: I really look down on you!

Wen Ruoxi couldn't help but heard the name of Su-crew Yu shout Chen Mo, and then turned to see Chen Mo, whispered: "Chen Mo, is this person is your friend?"

"It should be counted!"

Chen Mai helidly returned a sentence.

At this time, his heart was very collapsed, because he didn't understand why he would be so unlucky, and he explained clearly with Wen Ruo, and he met Chen Mo's people in the most unwanted person, who just walked out of the hotel.

In fact, Su Tu Yu is not accidentally passing by it. She was originally a student of Nanyang Music College. This hotel is not far from Nanyang Music College.

"It's really this bastard!"

After Siupu saw Chen Mo's appearance, I couldn't help but whispered in my heart, and then turned his head to look at the Wen Ruo, who was behind Chen Mo.

When Southern Jade saw Wen Ruo, it flashed in the eyes, and immediately stepped on the high-heeled shoes and Ting Ting's rushing.

After Chen Mo saw Su Yucu, Chen Shi Yu came over, his face was even more helpless.

Today, the Su Tu Yu is very beautiful, wearing a white tight sleeveless T-shirt, which will be proud of the chest and the slender waist, and the lower body is a denim shorts, showing white and slender legs. Stepping on a pair of blue high heel sandals on your feet, carrying a Dior bag.

The whole person looks like a fashion youth.

"Is there anything you need?"

Although Su Tu Yu is a beautiful woman, Chen Mo has no impression on this woman, frowning.

"I can't blame my cousin to go to your home, you are at home, you are at home, you are opening a room outside!"

Su Tuyu shouted with his eyebrows and emperor.

"You pay attention to a little, I am just a common friend relationship with Wen Ruo!"

Chen Sile did not return to a word, then twisted his head and said: "Don't take care of this person, let's go!"

"You stand it, I haven't finished it, what are you going to dry?"

Su Tuyu took the hand directly to Zhang Mo.

"What should you do?"

Chen Mo has a little irritated.

"What do I do?"

Su Tuyu was a smile, then turned his head to the Wen Ruo, whispered to Chen Mo, whispered: "I didn't expect, you can still find such a beautiful woman to open a room with you, you really have a good thing!"

"I am friends with Chen Mo, not the relationship you think!"

Wen Ruo seems to be very disgusting this sentence, frowning.

"You both come to the room, but also the relationship between friends, do you think I will believe?"

Su Yudy smiled disdainful.

"Su Tuyu, what do you want to do?" Chen shouted with his eyes.

"Don't want to do anything? I just greeted you with you?" Su Tuyu looked up at the hotel in front of himself and then continued: "The price of this hotel should be not cheap? Chen Mo, you rely on garbage The money earned can not live in this hotel. Are you using my sister to give your living fee? "

"..."

After hearing this, I couldn't help but sick it, then in my heart, I was secretly speculated that Su Yucu was the woman of the woman he saw at the entrance of the community.

At this time, Wen Ruo suddenly responded, although Zhang Fengnan's misunderstanding has been released, but Chen Mo is not resolved by a woman.

When Wen Rui, I felt that Chen Mo was hosted by Wang Yao Yao, but it was a guess, but at this time, the words that Su-crew jade said that Wen Rui felt that he was the original speculation.

Chen Mo actually was raised by a woman!

"Do I have a relationship with you?"

Chen Mo looked at Su Tuyu.

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mo, and more confirmed that Chen Mo was born by a woman, or Chen Mo is now there is no refuting Su Tu.

"You are the most straightforward man who I have eaten soft rice! It's really too long ..."

Su Tuyu looked at Chen Mo's slightly mouth, then turned to Wen Ruo Yan: "I advise you to stay away from this Chen Mo, he is a poor silk of garbage, relying on my sister to give him 10,000 pieces every month. The money is lie, this person is shameless! "

Wen Rui looked at Su Yucu did not speak.

"Chen Mo, you will tell my sister with other women, I will let my sister get off you!"

Su Tuyu shouted with Chen Mo, and then turned directly to walk away.

Chen Mo looked at the back of the Su Tuyu helpless and sighed. I don't know what to say.

And Wen Ruozhen also looked at Chen Mo with a different eye.

"Chen Mo, you ... do you really have a woman?" Wen Rui hesitated for a long time, biting his lips and asked softly.

"..."

Chen Mo listened to this, suddenly looked at Wen Ruo, he realized that the problem was not right.

I have the door to Wen Ruo, but not only let Su Cute Yu will open a house with Wen Ruo, but also let Wen Ruo knew this matter by Su Mu, now this misunderstanding can be more big.

"Wen Rui, things are not what you think ..."

Chen Mo's mouth wants to explain.

"You don't have to explain what I will explain, we are just ordinary friends, you have nothing to do with me,"

Wen Ruo's faceless interrupted Chen Mo's words, then moved the street directly to the street.

"Wen Rui, you listen to me, I will follow ..."

Chen Mo has trapped.

"Chen Mo, I said, let's two are the relationship between ordinary friends, you don't have to explain what I will explain!"

Wen Rui shouted, then he continued: "Chen Mo, I know that you always like me, before two because Zhang Feng is somewhat misunderstood, I have given you a lot of bad, I apologize, But in fact, I was still very good for your impression, although you are poor, you are kind, you are also very good, if you want to confess, I may promise you, but I will Didn't think, you are a small white face that eats soft rice, it is really ridiculous ... "

Chen Mo glared at the beads and looked at the Wen Rui in front of him, and the expression on his face was abnormal.

When do you like Wen Ruo?

Chen Mo did always want to find a girlfriend. After all, he and Su Mu Bai only fameful couples. If Su Mu Bai has a boyfriend, Chen Mo will naturally find a girlfriend.

Wen Ruo is good, and it is not so substance, it is indeed within the scope of Chen Mo, but now I don't like it, don't like it?

Also, Chen Mume does not know when he has become a small face!

"Chen Mo, I really look too much about you, a man has a hands with feet, how can be poor? If you have money, you can go to make it! You have to eat soft rice, I really look at it!"

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mo smiled and then reached out and stopped a taxi.

After a while, the taxi disappeared in Chen Mo's sight.

Chen Mima's face is extremely helpless. It is hard to get slowly with Wen Ruo's relationship. At this time, it has fallen to the ice point because of the emergence of Su Jade.