Chapter 90: Things Original Committee

Wei Xiaole and others later heard the command of Chen Mo, there is no hesitation, and the position directly rushed to Zhang Feng.

"you guys……"

Zhang Feng saw so many people rushed, the instinct's mouth wanted to speak.

However, Wei Xiaole did not give Zhang Feng at all, and he was directly on the mouth of Zhang Feng, and then a few people were around the wind, and they started to take a foot on his face. .

Zhang Feng was originally able to be a handsome face, and the flesh and blood of Wei Xiaole and others were very miserable.

Wen Ruojing stood around Chen Mima, the expression on his face was very upset, because she didn't understand how this is something!

In the eyes of Wen Rui, Wei Xiaole has been harassing himself, wanting to join his economic company, and later because Zhang Feng finds someone to solve this, Wei Xiaole will actively apologize to himself.

And from the attitude of Wei Xiaole with himself, she can feel that Wei Xiaole should be very fear of Zhang Fengchang.

But at this time, Wei Xiaole not only does not fear of Zhang Feng, but the opposite actually called his hand, but Chen Mo, who looks presteit, is very awesome!

"Isn't it to help me at the beginning? But Chen Mo helped me?"

At this time, Wen Ruo's heart flashed a bold idea, then I couldn't help but turn to Chen Mo around himself.

At this time, Chen Mo's face was very calm. The temperament on the whole person seems to have changed very much, and the feeling of Wen Ruo is like a person.

"Isn't that Chen Mo helped me? The past is Chen Mo?"

Wen Ruo couldn't help but started to think of those words that Chen Mo told himself, but she was not very sure that he guess these is true, because she still thinks that Chen Miman is impossible to have so much money on the live broadcast platform. Enjoy a gift!

"I beg you, don't hit, I know is wrong, I really know the wrong!"

At this time, Zhang Feng squatted in Wei Xiaole and others in the earth.

Wei Xiaole seems to have some worrying about playing the style, so the twist looks to Chen Mo's position, want to ask Chen Mo's opinion.

"Has hurt?"

Chen Mo's step forward and asked Zhang Feng.

"pain!"

Zhang Feng wants to nod.

"Since I know that it is good, you now say everything you have done during this time, I will not hit you!"

Chen Miman said calmly.

"What? What did I do?"

Zhang Feng has some unexplained shout.

"It seems that you still don't want to tell your truth!"

Chen Mo shook his head and then turned his head and said: "Continue!"

"Good Chen Gongzi!"

Wei Xiaole nodded, and then rushed to Zhang Feng in the past.

Zhang Feng saw Wei Xiaole came over, the expression on his face was like seeing the devil. It was very excited: "Don't, don't hit, I said, I all said that I can't say it yet?"

"You said!"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

Zhang Feng looked at Chen Mo's deep breath, then he asked: "You ... do you plan to let me start from?"

"Strap, of course, start from you to get close to Wen Ruo Yan!"

Chen Mo's faceless was obedient.

Zhang Feng stunned, then looked up and looked at Wen Ruo's position, slowly said: "Wen Rui, in fact, I am lie to you from the beginning, I am not a matter of writing, I am not a mighty, I am just a student of Nanyang University! "

Wen Rui heard this sentence, the heart was very shocked, because even if Zhang Feng made such a thing for himself today, Wen Ruo still did not suspect the identity of Zhang Feng, she only felt that Zhang Feng was desirable Get yourself, so you will make such a ridiculous thing.

"You ... You are not the past, then how do you log in to that account?"

Wen Ruo looked very unconneated from Zhang Feng expressions.

"In fact, I have learned some hacking technology in an accidental opportunity. I have always seen your live broadcast. I really like you very much. Later, the past appeared in the wind, I think his account is very Use the value, so try to see if he can happen his account, then contact you! "

Zhang Feng parked, then continued: "But I didn't think that the account did not even bind the mobile phone number, and there is no security measures. I want to steal such an account. I don't have it. Any difficulty, then I will change the password of that account, and contact you in the live broadcast! "

After the Wen Ruoyi listened to these words, the expression seems to be more shocking, because she did not think that things would be like this.

What happened more than Wen Ruo is that Chen Mo's words that he say to him is all true. Zhang Feng is not a wind!

"You pretend that the past is the wind, just want to lie to me to go to bed, right?"

Wen Ruozhi bite his lips and asked the Zhang Feng.

"Yes, I think these female anchors are very good, as long as it is Tuhao contacts them, just see the face, those female anchors will take the initiative to open the house, but I didn't expect you to be different from those people, we two I met the first time, I confess you, you didn't promise me, so I will happen to these things! "

Zhang Feng low said.

"Since you are not in the past, then I will not be the right thing to be solved with Wei Xiaole?" Wen Ruo bite his lips very excited to shout.

"I didn't know Wei Xiaole, how can I solve this matter? I am anxious to let you leave, so I will have an excuse, and Wei Xiaole is, who is solved, actually I don't know! "Zhang Feng returned to a word.

Wen Ruozhen heard this directly to look at Wei Xiaole's position.

"Miss Wen, I will take the initiative to find you, because Du Tianhao said to give me a call, so I will take the initiative to apologize, don't you know Hao #?" Wei Xiaole looked at Wen Ruo.

"Hao Ge? What Haoo?"

Wen Ruo's eyes flashed in the gods.

"How can you not know the Hao Ge? If you know the Hao Ge, why do you help you?" Wei Xiaole said very much.

Wen Ruo He hesitated in place, then turned directly to Chen Mo, whispered: "Chen Mo, Wei Xiaole is not what you help?"

Wen Rui feels that there are not many friends around you, knowing that people who are contradictory between Wei Xiaole is only two of Chen Mile.

Since Zhang Feng has now said that he does not know Wei Xiao Le, then he will choose Chen Mo, and plus Wei Xiaole is now this attitude toward Chen Mo, and Wen Ruo felt that hundreds of times Chen Mo did it, but now there is Out of a luxury!

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo, the expression was hesitant. He hesitated himself to tell the truth with Wen Ruo.