Chapter 2001:  Watching


“Bang!”

A loud bang.

Chen Mo’s fist smashed on Shirya’s shield with incomparable ferocity, Shirya’s body trembled slightly, and the expression on her face seemed to be somewhat painful.

Ayton Alexander and Hausen launched a fierce attack behind Chen Mo, but Chen Mo ignored these three people, because now Chen Mo has only one target, that is Shirya

While Chen Mo used his body to resist the attacks of Alexander and the others, he attacked Shirya, punching Shirya’s shield with punch after punch.

After Chen Mo punched ten times in a row, he smashed Shirya’s shield directly!

Shirya stared at the shield in front of her, with an unbelievable expression on her face.

Because Chen Mo’s punch just now directly destroyed her shield.

This kind of destruction is something that Sylya herself cannot restore.

“How is this possible?”

Shirya never thought that someone in this world could have such a terrifying thing, and directly destroyed her shield.

After Chen Mo shattered Shirya’s shield, he raised his fist and ran towards Shirya’s body again and smashed it.

A trace of fear flashed in Shirya’s eyes. She knew in her heart that if Chen Mo’s punch hit her, then even if she didn’t die, she would be seriously injured.

But Chen Mo’s speed is very amazing, if Shirya wants to avoid Chen Mo’s punch now, it is basically impossible!

However, at this critical moment, a person suddenly rushed in front of Shirya.

“Bang!”

A loud bang.

Chen Mo’s fist slammed into Ayton’s chest.

Ayton flew upside down, and then a mouthful of blood spurted out.

“Ayton, are you alright?”

After Shiya reacted, she quickly enveloped Ayton with her holy light.

Alexander and Hausen rushed in front of Chen Mo, as if they wanted to stop Chen Mo.

After all, the two of them also knew the importance of Shirya in their hearts. If Chen Mo really killed Shirya, the situation would be even more unfavorable for them!

Mei Wang, who had been watching the fun all the time, had a very nervous expression on her face, because she had always been worried about Chen Mo.

The current situation is not very optimistic for Chen Mo. She can feel that Chen Mo is still very difficult when facing these four people, it is not like Chen Mo is facing Liushen at all. easy.

“Dingling Bell”

But at this moment, Mei Wang’s cell phone suddenly rang.

After hearing the ringing of the mobile phone, King Mei couldn’t help but froze for a moment, then quickly took out his mobile phone and glanced at it, and found that it was actually a call from God.

“

The king hesitated for a moment, then answered the phone and asked softly, “God, what’s the matter with you?”

“I have a I have something to tell you!”

God said slowly.

“What’s the matter?”

“The Lord of Darkness has already left, and he has now reached the pinnacle of martial arts, so Chen Mo is in a very dangerous situation, you must leave Y immediately Kingdom!”

God said slowly.

“What about Chen Mo?”

The king asked softly after hesitating for a while.

“Chen Mo has nothing to do with me. I have given him a chance before, but he didn’t cherish it, and I have nothing to do now!”

God replied lightly.

After hearing the words of God, the king slowly raised his head and glanced at Chen Mo in the distance, then sighed softly and said expressionlessly: “Okay, I understand. !”

The gods hung up the phone neatly.

The expression on Mei Wang’s face as he stood there seemed to be a little hesitant, because he didn’t know whether he should stay here or leave.

“Call”

After a while, Mei Wang sighed softly, and then made a decision that even she herself felt very incomprehensible.

That’s why she actually intends to stay here and wait for the war to end.

Although King Mei knew that her behavior was very dangerous, she still wanted to see whether Chen Mo won or Alexander and the others won.

Even if it is said that at the end of this battle, no matter who wins or loses, it doesn’t really mean much to the king, after all, she doesn’t belong to these two camps.

But the king still wanted to see the moment when the winner was decided.

And the king of the United States was not in a hurry to speed up the news that the Lord of Darkness had left the customs, because she knew that if Chen Mo knew the news at this time, it would definitely affect Chen Mo’s state.

“I hope you can win!”

Wang Mei looked at Chen Mo’s position and sighed softly.

At this time, Alexander actually took out a Lingbao again, aiming the weapon directly at Chen Mo, and then a dazzling light flew towards Chen Mo.

You must know that this spirit treasure is not an ordinary spirit treasure. The light it released just now can imprison the aura in the warrior’s body, which means that if Chen Mo is hit by the light, Then he will be unable to use his breath for a second.

And Chen Mo’s body is very fragile. The most important reason why he can fight back and forth with Alexander and others now is that Chen Mo has been protecting his body with his breath. any harm.

But once Chen Mo can’t use his breath, then Chen Mo’s body will be no different from an ordinary warrior.

Chen Mo could naturally feel that the breath released by Alexander was not simple, so he did not hesitate, and his figure flashed and easily avoided the light.

And Haosen seized this opportunity, rushed directly behind Chen Mo, and punched Chen Mo’s back.

Chen Mo’s body staggered, Alexander and Ayton quickly seized the opportunity and rushed to Chen Mo’s face and started to attack Chen Mo.

The situation on the battlefield at this time seems to be able to be described as fast-changing. Chen Mo just now had the upper hand, but in less than a minute, Chen Mo had already fallen into the disadvantage.

Chen Mo has always wanted to find a suitable opportunity to fight back, but Alexander’s ray of light has always blocked Chen Mo’s position. Chen Mo still needs to devote his energy to dealing with the ray of light, and he also needs to avoid Alexander Waiting for someone to attack, so Chen Mo couldn’t find any chance to fight back.

After seeing this scene, King Mei’s expression was very nervous, because she knew that Chen Mo’s situation was still very dangerous. If Chen Mo couldn’t solve the current predicament, he might at any time lose this battle.

“Bang!”

At this moment, Chen Mo’s fist collided with Hausen’s fist.

This time, Chen Mo directly interrupted Hausen’s entire arm, but Hausen didn’t seem to take it seriously, because Shirya’s holy light had always enveloped his body, so this The injury was only a matter of seconds for him to recover.

“Chen Mo, I advise you to give up your resistance. You can’t be the opponent of the four of us at all!”

At this moment, Alexander shouted at Chen Mo.

After Chen Mo heard Alexander’s words, he took a deep breath.

“Whoosh!”

But at this moment, another ray of light shot towards Chen Mo’s position.

Chen Mo instinctively dodged, but Hausen, who suddenly appeared behind Chen Mo, was not so lucky and was directly hit by the beam.

Hausen lost his breath in an instant, and fell from the air to the ground.

Chen Mo couldn’t help but be stunned after seeing this scene. At this time, he knew what the light beams released by Alexander with Lingbao were all about.

“I didn’t expect there would be such a spiritual treasure in this world!”

Chen Mo couldn’t help but sigh softly, the expression on his face was very unbelievable.

But Chen Mo also missed a huge opportunity. At that moment, he could seize this opportunity and kill Hausen directly. In this way, the next battle will be easy for Chen Mo. a lot.

Unfortunately, Chen Mo didn’t think of this at all.

“Alexander, are you trying to kill me?”

After recovering his breath, Hausen shouted at Alexander with an excited expression.

“Who told you not to hide away!”

Alexander replied lightly, and then another light shot towards Chen Mo’s position.

Chen Mo hurriedly avoided the light beam, and then looked at the Lingbao in Alexander’s hands, his eyes flashed with strange meaning.

“Ayton, how long are you going to keep your baby? If we don’t use it again, we may all die”

At this moment, Howson directed Ayton’s position shouted.

After hearing this, Ayton took out a scarlet dagger, and whispered, “It can only be like this now!”

Ayton The dagger in his hand is a soul-devouring dagger. If he is hit by this dagger, his soul will be dissipated in an instant.

But this dagger also has a very fatal weakness, that is, if you use this dagger, you need to sacrifice part of your own soul, otherwise there is no way to exert the power of this dagger.

This is why Ayton has been reluctant to use the dagger.

When Ayton took out the dagger, Chen Mo could clearly feel a trace of pain flashing in Ayton’s eyes, and then he began to chant a spell, just a few seconds later, Ayton wailed in great pain, then his eyes were scarlet, and he rushed towards Chen Mo’s position.

Ayton’s speed was obviously many times faster than before, as if he had already rushed in front of Chen Mo in the blink of an eye, and then the whole person was like a ghost, constantly shuttled back and forth beside Chen Mo, As if looking for the best opportunity to shoot.

Alexander, Shiya, and Hausen were also attacking Chen Mo, as if they wanted to help Ayton divert Chen Mo’s attention.

At this moment, Ayton took the Soul Eater dagger and stabbed Chen Mo directly in the chest.

Originally, he was very confident about his shot this time, but just when the dagger was about to pierce Chen Mo’s chest.

Chen Mo stretched out his hand and directly grabbed Ayton’s arm.

A flash of shock flashed in Ayton’s eyes. How could he have imagined that Chen Mo’s reaction speed would be so amazing.

“Your speed is still too slow”

Chen Mo said softly to Ayton.

After saying this, Chen Mo used his right hand to throw Ayton out of his face, and then hit him fiercely with a breath.

“Bang!”

A loud bang.

Chen Mo’s breath slammed into Ayton’s body.

“Pfft!”

Ayton spat out a mouthful of blood, and the expression on his face was extremely painful.

Shirya hurriedly used her holy light to cover Ayton, but even with the help of the holy light, the pain on Ayton’s face did not disappear, because the power of Chen Mo’s breath just now was so powerful It’s too terrifying. If it wasn’t for Ayton’s preparations in advance to protect his body with Lingbao, he might have been directly killed by Chen Mo just now.

Chen Mo was very clear in his heart that if he continued to fight like this, the situation would only be more unfavorable to him.

After all, every time Chen Mo had a chance to kill a person, Sylya’s holy light would make this person recover quickly and join the battle.

If he continues to fight like this, then Chen Mo’s body will definitely not be able to bear it.

So now for Chen Mo, the most important thing may be to get rid of Shirya first, or let Shirya lose her ability to fight directly, so that Chen Mo can have a chance.

It’s just that the current situation is that these people’s protection of Shirya is still in place. If Chen Mo really wants to kill Shirya, it will definitely not be easy.

“Call”

Chen Mo took a deep breath, then pretended to run towards Hausen and rushed over.

Hausen hurriedly prepared for the challenge.

But at this moment, Chen Mo’s figure flashed and disappeared in front of Haosen.

“Not good!”

Hausen shouted.

I saw Chen Mo rushing directly to Shirya’s position. At this time, Shirya was helping Ayton heal, and she didn’t realize that Chen Mo had come over.

“Finally found an opportunity!”

Chen Mo calmed down, then raised his fist and smashed towards Shirya’s position.

After seeing this scene, Alexander’s eyes flashed with a trace of nervousness. He didn’t dare to hesitate at all, and a ray of light shot directly towards Chen Mo.

Originally, Chen Mo’s fist was about to hit Shirya, but he suddenly felt that the breath in his body had completely disappeared.

Chen Mo quickly adjusted his body and gave up his attack on Shirya, and then chose a safer place to land.

Hausen originally planned to seize this opportunity to kill Chen Mo directly, but he did not expect Chen Mo to recover his breath much faster than him. When he was hit by the beam just now, at least ten There is no way to use breath in seconds, but Chen Mo recovered in just one second.

So when Hausen rushed in front of Chen Mo, Chen Mo’s backhand punched directly into Hausen’s chest.

“Bang!”

Hausen’s body flew upside down and hit the ground hard.

And after seeing Hausen being blown away by Chen Mo’s punch, Alexander did not choose to continue to shoot Chen Mo, because he knew that Hausen and Ayton were both injured now, and if he shot, he would end up will be the same as these two.

By that time, Shirya’s situation will be very dangerous.

For a while, the fierce battle suddenly stopped.

Chen Mo didn’t seem to have any intention of continuing to shoot, and quietly looked at Alexander and the others.

After seeing this scene, the surrounding warriors all showed puzzled expressions, because they didn’t understand why the battle suddenly stopped.

Chen Mo used this precious time to rest his body while thinking about how he should deal with these four people next.

In fact, Chen Mo’s situation is not very good now, because both Ayton’s dagger and Alexander’s light are very dangerous to Chen Mo. It can be said that if Chen Mo makes a mistake and people catch him, Then Chen Mo might be instantly killed.

In addition, Shirya has always been able to help these people heal, so if Chen Mo can’t get rid of Shirya first, then even if he has a huge advantage now, it doesn’t make sense.

“Call”

Chen Mo couldn’t help taking a deep breath, then squinted at Alexander and the others.

At this time, Chen Mo had many scars on his body, and his clothes had long been tattered. Although Chen Mo had been protecting his body with his breath, there were too many helpless people on the opposite side. So Chen Mo will definitely be hurt, but these injuries are irrelevant to Chen Mo, and will not have much impact on Chen Mo at all.

Beauty King finally had a chance to see Chen Mo clearly. When she saw the wounds on Chen Mo’s body, a strange look flashed in her eyes.

Because Chen Mo has never been injured after so many battles, that time M country used Yuan bullets on Chen Mo.

But at this time Chen Mo was injured, which means that Chen Mo actually had no advantage in this battle. After all, Alexander and others were injured and could still recover with Shirya, but Chen Mo had only one person.

Chen Mo can rely on Qing Yaozhu to continuously restore his breath, but once Chen Mo’s body is injured, there is no way to recover with Qing Yaozhu.

“Is Mr. Chen really going to lose today?”

Mei Wang couldn’t help sighing in his heart.

And the warriors present seemed to have noticed this situation, and they all felt that Chen Mo’s winning rate might not be very big today.

Even though Chen Mo now has the upper hand.

Meanwhile.

It seems that all the warriors in China are doing the same thing, which is to fight this battle through a very special website.

This website was not established by others, but by Zhengmei Wang.

And anyone who wants to watch this battle will need to pay a viewing fee of 300,000 yuan.

This money may be a lot of money for ordinary people. After all, even if they are curious, it is absolutely impossible for anyone to spend so much money to watch a battle between warriors, let alone ordinary people. There is no way for people to find this site.

But for those Chinese warriors, this amount of money is nothing at all, and they can enjoy an epic battle between three-star warriors, let alone 300,000, even if it is 3 million. also willing.