Chapter 54: Do you have a girlfriend?

When Chen Mai stopped Wen Ruo, it was very simple. That is, he thinks that if Wen Rui is coming out of his own, you can shout Du Tianhao in the first time.

But if Wen Ruo is in the hospital, if there is danger in the half road, Chen Miman does not know that there is no way to save people in the first time.

And Wen Rui naturally didn't know how Chen Sime thought it was, before Chen Mo's eyes glared at Zhang Feng, but did not say a word, this has been very angry, at this time, Wen Ruo is ready to take Zhang Feng to hospital Chen Mo actually stopped himself, Wen Rui even some feeling that Chen Mo's brain is there.

"Chen Mo, you are giving me away!"

Wen Ruo is shouted in Chen Mo.

"If you are, I think Chen Mo said a little reason, I can go to the hospital yourself, or you still don't have a piece of past ..."

But at this time, Zhang Feng actually opened the opening and did not let Wen Ruo's past.

Wen Rui heard the sentence of Zhang Feng, full of all is full of feelings, simple Wen Ruo Yan thought Zhang Feng did not want to trouble himself, so he did not let himself go to the hospital.

And Chen Mo's face does not understand, he doesn't understand why Zhang Feng will not let Wen Ruo to take him to the hospital.

"You are because I am beaten, I must send you to the hospital!"

Wen Ruo's expression is very serious about Zhang Feng.

Zhang Feng heard the expression on Wen Ruo, but there was no more saying.

Wen Rui saw Zhang Feng did not refuse himself, directly supporting Zhang Feng to go outside the house.

"You can't go to the hospital with this person!"

But at this time, Chen Mail reached again and stopped Wen Ruo.

Long.

"Chen Mo, you gave me away, I don't want to have anything to do with you? When you just fight, you don't help, you don't want me, now I don't let me take Zhang Feng to the hospital, you want to think What should I do? "

To finish, Wen Rui is very annoying to push Chen Mima, then support Zhang Feng to go outside the house.

Chen Mo looked at Zhang Feng and the back of Wen Ruo, helplessness and sighed, but did not continue to stop the Wen Ruoan from leaving with Zhang Feng.

Anyway, if the words, Chen Mo has already said with Wen Ruo, since Wen Ruo is not believed, Chen Mo has no way.

After a while, Wen Rui took the elevator to leave the elevator.

Chen Mer is ready to go back to his room, but at this time, Chen Mo's mobile phone suddenly rang.

Chen Moi quickly took out his mobile phone to see it, and found that it was a call to Du Tianhao. Just now Chen Mo has been watching the good show of Zhang Feng, so I still have to wait in the downstairs. Du Tianhao and others forgot.

"Hey?"

Chen Mer is connected to the phone.

"Chen Gongzi, we don't have to use it now? What is your situation?" Du Tianhao said.

"Xiaohao, you don't have to bring people, I have solved this!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"Okay, Chen Gongzi!"

Du Tianhao is white and white, and finally, Chen Mo did not use himself at all. This is to be replaced by others. It is estimated that I have been angry, but Du Tianhao is not angry with Chen Mo, can only say softly.

"Yes, Xiaoli, I need you to help me investigate two people!"

Chen Mai continued.

"Who?" Du Tianhao asked.

"One is a person in the seafood live platform name called Nanyang Wei Gongzi, and one is called Zhang Feng's people!" Chen Mo slowly slow.

"This one……"

Du Tianhao heard Chen Mo's words seems to be a bit difficult.

"Any questions?"

Chen Mo asked.

"Chen Gongzi, you let me investigate the Nanyang Wei Gongzi, I think there should be no difficulty, after all, I only need to find the person in charge of the seafood live broadcast platform, I can find this Nanyang Wei Gongzi, but what you said, I I feel that there is a bit of difficulty investigations. After all, there are too many people called Zhang Feng in the country ... "Du Tianhao slowly said.

"Zhang Feng is also our Nanyang City, and I have seen this person!" Chen Mo hesitated.

"That's that, things are simple, I will let me collect photos of all the photos called Zhang Feng in Nanyang City, and then let Chen Gongzi, you can find Chen Gongzi, by the photo. This person! "Du Tianhao said.

"Great!"

Chen Mo will have a promise, then hang up directly.

......

On the other hand, Wen Ruoyu helped Zhang Feng out of the community, standing on the roadside to prepare a taxi to send Zhang Feng to the hospital.

"Zhang Feng, you are insisting, my family is very close to the hospital, we should come soon ..."

Wen Ruo said softly.

"If you are, I really don't have anything. Otherwise, don't we go to the hospital?"

Zhang Feng said helplessly rushed to Wen Ruo.

I don't want to let Wen Ruo to go to the hospital for reasons, because Zhang Feng is now there is no money to see a doctor. All of him is used to invite Wen Ruo.

Moreover, Zhang Feng has rented a brand of brand clothes from the clothing store in order to put itself into a rich second generation. This dress is very expensive, and if Zhang Feng does not have a way before 12 o'clock in the middle of the night, he It is also necessary to pay a large penalty.

Zhang Feng has no money to see a doctor now. How can we have money to pay a default?

"No, you are hurting so serious, I have to take you to the hospital!"

Wen Rui is very stubborn back.

"If you are, I can't go to the hospital. In fact, I still have some other things to do. Otherwise, you still go back, wait for me to deal with these things, I am going to the hospital in my hospital?" Zhang Feng light Stay in Wen Ruo.

"Do you have anything else? What can you still have a good time than going to the hospital?"

Wen Ruo Yan asked.

"I ... I ... I am going to find someone to investigate the Wei Gongzi who is difficult, he dare to bully you, and I still take the initiative to find the door, I will definitely not let these people!" Zhang Feng urgent Under the next, I just had an excuse, then continue: "If you are, you are fortunate to have me here, or those who are beaten may be you, I will never allow someone to bully you, I must find this Wei Gongzi today. Find out to clean up with him! "

When Wen Rui was touched by Zhang Feng, he was touched by Zhang Feng. At this time, Zhang Feng has been honest, and it is still how to help himself.

Wen Ruo is already a little unclear how you should describe your mood.

"Zhang Feng, why are you so good to me?"

Wen Ruo's double-moving beauty is tears, and asked softly from Zhang Feng.

"Isn't you talked to you today? From my first eye, I like you, if you can do my girlfriend, I think everything I have suffered now is worth it!" Zhang Feng Looking at Wen Ruozhen in the verge of love.

"Zhang Feng, you ..."

Wen Rui is a little witnessed by Zhang Feng.

"If you are, I really like you, when do you have a girlfriend?"

Zhang Feng continued to ask the iron.