Chapter 49: My fiancee is Su Mu Bai

Mingmei listened to Chen Mima's mouth to admit that the G G Gifei said that it was true, it was directly in the original place, and the expression on his face seems to be more incredible.

Wei Jiaqi is also very ugly, because she doesn't know how she should explain these things with Mingmei.

"Well, since Chen Mo has already recognized these things, then I don't say much, the next thing you handed!"

Gao Feifei laughed at Chen Mo's very proud to laugh, and then didn't want to turn directly to leave.

Next, Gaffefei is waiting to be optimistic, in front of Chen Mo's favorite girl, humiliate Chen Mo, this is a large extent, which satisfies Gaffe-Philipphi's revenge sentimental emotions.

Mingmei looked at Chen Mo in front of him, his expression was very angry, hesitated for a few seconds, biting his lips whisper: "Chen Mo, you are so disgusting, since you don't have money, you Why do you have to go out to wear the second generation? Is the old man not garbage? "

Chen Mo listened to this sentence, couldn't help but looked up and saw the Mingmei, did not speak.

Originally Chen Mo also placed himself to add a WeChat to Mingmei to see the Mingmei's reaction, but now I don't need Chen Mo yourself to do it, G G Gifei has brought Chen Mia to explore.

"It's really awkward!"

Mingmei expression is excited, then pick up his bag and turn it.

"Two beautiful, what do you do? Don't go, things are not what you think ..." Wei Jiaqi saw Mingmei really planned to leave, and even busy with the Mingmei.

"Wei Jiaqi, let's know so long, I don't know if you are in your own heart? I will tell me that I will take a garbage, but you still follow the other party to lie to me, I didn't know you in my life! "Mingmei said very coldly, then stepped on the high heels and walked outside the bar.

"Jiaqi, you have a little too much, you will introduce an ordinary person to two beautiful, the second beauty will not be so angry, you have introduced Chen Mo, this kind of person, really ..."

Li Lele helplessly shook his head softly, then chasing a Mingmei left the bar.

Gao Feifei, who is not far away, saw Mingmei and Li Le Leed the bar, and smiled very proud to laugh, and started to celebrate.

Chen Mo looked at the smile on Gao Feifei. He didn't understand, he was clearly broke up with Gao Feifei. When two people were in love, Chen Mo is also very good to G G G Gwe, but why Gao Feifei is now a difficult thing.

"Meng Liang, I just said that I wouldn't bring this person to the bar. How can Mingmei will be with a garbage? You just don't listen to me, you have to bring Chen Miman, now you are satisfied. is not it?"

Wei Jiaqi shouted with Meng Liang's expression.

Meng Liang's expression helplessly sat on the sofa, where he can think that things will become this.

"And you, obviously is a smelly silk, why do you want to learn people from the second generation to pick up a girl, what are your brains?" Wei Jiaqi turned his head asked Chen Mail.

"When you let me come, I said I don't want to come!"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"you……"

Wei Jiaqi was speechless by Chen Mo, hesitated and whispered: "I don't want to see you in this life, it is too annoying!"

After saying this, Wei Jiaqi also turned and left.

After a few girls left, Chen Mumbang, Liu Rui.

After Liu Rui hesitated, he walked to Chen Mo's smile: "Chen Mo, you are not too sad, isn't it a woman? If you don't do it, you will change it. Tell you about it is more beautiful than Mingmei ... "

"To, Chen Mo, I am so embarrassed, I didn't expect this event to become like this. If I know this, I will not let Mingmei come here ..." Meng Liang also busy Say.

"It's a few of them. No matter how we are all classmates. As soon as this? The day of the couple is still a hundred days!" Liu Rui looked at G G G Gfei et al., The expression is excited.

"In fact, you don't have to introduce me to my girlfriend, I have no marriage!"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly said.

"What? Chen Mo, do you have a wife now?" Meng Liang heard Chen Mo's words very incredible.

"Yep!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

"Really fake? What is your name? Is the Nanyang University?" Liu Rui asked very curious.

"My fiancee is called Su Mu Bai!"

Chen Mo is a matter of preventing Meng Liang from going to Liu Rui to continue to worry about finding a girlfriend, can only tell himself about the marriage with Su Mu,.

"Su ... Su Mu Bai?"

Liu Rui heard the name in the future, and his face was extremely surprised.

The as Mengliang on the side is also the same reaction.

"You two know Su Mu Bai?" Chen Mo saw that Meng Liang and Liu Rui were this reaction, couldn't help but asked softly.

"I really know that there is a woman in Nanyang City called Su Ming, is the daughter of the Chairman of the Sushi Group in Nanyang City. I don't know if you said this Su Mu, the Su Mu, who I know!" Meng Liang He hesitated it slowly.

"Brightness, are you crazy? If Chen Mo's fiancee is really a daughter of the Chairman of the Su Shi Group, how can Chen Mo drink two drinks here! Chen Mo's unmarried wife should be renamed with the Su Mu, "Liu Rui said quickly.

"It is also right, it should be renowned!"

Meng Liang smiled faint, nothing to say.

The appearance is beautiful, the body is perfect, the family is superior, and the pursuit of the question is estimated that there are more than three digits.

How can such a goddess girl who may be Chen Mo's fiancee, so Meng Liang has also accepted the renouncement this.

"Chen Mo, you can, this is not a few days with Gaffield, and there is a unmarried wife, and even we have not told!" Meng Liang stretched his hand and smiled at Chen Mai's neck.

"Yeah, if you tell us early, you already have a fiancee, we don't have to worry about your life!" Liu Rui also said.

"I am also a marriage contract for these two days!"

Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence.

"Oh, if you have a chance, don't forget to introduce you the fiancee to us!" Meng Liang said.

"Great!"

Chen Mo nodded and did not explain much.

At this time, Chen Mo's dialogue with Meng Liang Liu Rui fell in the ear of Gaffi Flife and other people. Several girls know that Chen Mo has a fiancee, and it is very disgraced.

"Who is my eyes I want to marry Chen Mo?" Liu Di couldn't help but rude.

"Oh, Chen Mo can also believe that he must be a fiancee for his face casually, I don't believe him can find my girlfriend!" Xu Jiao said with a small mouth.

"Well, definitely this Chen Mo is blowing!" Gao Feifei also nodded.

"Chen Mo is breaking up with Feifei, it seems that the spirit has always been normal, and it is more and more boiled, I think he is definitely in his heart, you can't let Fifi, you can't let Fifi!" Li Fu said with G G Gfei.

"How can I do it again? When the old lady got with him, now I will definitely like him, or our family Li Kai is better, rich is still considerate ..."

Gao Feifei talks while talking while the movement is in Li Kai's arms, as if it is in deliberately showing off.

Chen Mai chatted with Meng Lai two, two of them, I saw it, I saw it, so I wanted to leave the bar home.

But when Chen Mo has just got up, his ringtone suddenly rang.

Chen Mo stunned, even quickly took out the mobile phone, I found that people who called Chen Mo's call were not someone else, it is the famous unmarried wife Su Mu Bai!