Chapter 135: Do you want to cancel marriage with me?

After Chen Mo leaving the meeting room, I walked directly to the corner of the corridor, and then took out my mobile phone to dialed Li Juncheng's phone.

"Dudu ..."

The phone rang for a long time, Li Jincheng took the call.

"Chen Gongzi, is you telling?"

Li Juncheng asked softly.

"I now need you to help me invest in a company, invest a billion!"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"Well, you tell me the name of the company, I arrange the people under my hand to do!" Li Juncheng said.

"This matter cannot be done in your hand, I need you now, I am very angry, I am very fanghua Cosmetics Co., Ltd., this company is my unmarried wife Su Mu, I am worried that she doubizes my identity, so you I personally come and talk about her investment! "

Chen said that he quickly said.

"This ..." Li Juncheng snorted this sentence, and the tone seems to be somewhat hard.

"Any questions?"

Chen Mo quickly asked.

"Chen Gongzi, this is the case, I am going abroad, it is estimated that I can go back tomorrow, or I will talk to your fiancee tomorrow?" Li Juncheng said that he said helplessly.

"Are you abroad now?"

Chen Mo listened to Li Jincheng, and I was speechless.

"Well, I just got a plane, if you are really anxious, I can also make the money to make your money to the fiancee!"

"You can't hit the money first. If you have not arrived, I will directly invest so much money, Su Mu Bai will definitely doubt the relationship between us, once Su Mu Bai found that I am a rich second generation, then I There is no way to inherit the legacy! "Chen Mo said very upset.

"Chen Gongzi, you now think about things are getting more and more week, then I am going back to China now, it is estimated that I will go to Nanyang City tomorrow!" Li Juncheng didn't forget to take a gust.

Chen Mo listened to Li Jincheng, I couldn't help but turn to the meeting room. At this time, everyone is waiting for Chen Mo to go back. If Chen Mo is now saying that Li Juncheng will come over, these people will never give up.

But if Li Jincheng has not come to Su Many, it will take the money directly, and it is still a hundred million. This is not exempted too much. It is estimated that there is a problem with a fool.

"Don't you come back today?" Chen asked Xiaomo.

"Chen Gongzi, I am abroad, even if it is now on the plane, I have to be able to come tomorrow morning!" Li Juncheng said softly.

"That line, tomorrow morning you are coming, I will first explain with my fiancee."

Chen Mo said helplessly.

"Great……"

Li Juncheng returned to a sentence, and then hanged the phone directly.

"This Li Juncheng, how can he fuck chain when he arrived!"

Chen Mo saw that the phone was hanged, and his expression was very annoyed.

If it is like this, it is okay, but the shareholders in the conference room, and Zhang Ze is waiting to see Chen Mo joke, Chen Mo is now going back to say that investors can come over, these people will definitely not believe .

"call……"

Chen Mo hesitated, pick up the phone and want to call Du Tianhao, let Du Tianhao invest in investment, and then give this money to Du Tianhao.

But he turned to think that Du Tianhao is a very famous big brother in Nanyang City, basically no one does not know Du Tianhao.

How does Du Tianhao may invest in a cosmetics company without any reason? This will not speak!

So the end, Chen Mo or did not call Du Tianhao's phone and turned to the meeting room.

"Chen Mo, have you found a investor? When can investors come over?"

At this time, Su Jade has helped Su Mu Bai prepare the contract, waiting for Chen Mo to come back, so that these people retreat.

Su Yucu also turned his eyes, and the eyes were full of expectations. After all, Chen Mo is the only hope of her now.

"That ... What, investors say that he is something else today, it is estimated that I will wait until tomorrow ..." Chen Mo's form is somewhat embarrassing two people said.

"Can you come over tomorrow?"

Su Tu Yu heard Chen Mo's sentence directly to the place.

And Su Mu Bai shook his head, in fact, she guess it will be such a result.

Chen Mo is just a poor student. If you want money, there is no money to have no one, how can he find a big boss to invest her company?

"It can't come around today, or you have not found someone who can invest Su Mu Bai Company?"

Just at this time, Zhang Ze didn't help but laugh.

Chen Mimei hooks to Zhang Ze, then said that there is no expression: "Although investors can't come over today, he will definitely come over tomorrow!"

"Oh, all this time, you still have a heart!"

Zhang Ze slowed down to Chen Mo's face, then said that there was no expression: "You now admit that you can't find investors, do you have to blow?"

"Yeah, Mu Bai, not Zhang Shu, I said you, how do you say how do you find such a fiance?"

"Not only don't do this, but also like bragging, our company is now? In addition to Zhang Shao, it is impossible to have someone to invest in investment!"

"This kid really can find investors, I will give you a hoe now!"

Those people inside the meeting room know that Chen Mo did not find investors, and the ridicule sounded slowly. Everyone saw Chen Mo's eyes like a fool.

"Chen Mo, you will go!"

Su Mu Bai is also very disappointed at this time, whispered to Chen Mo.

"Su Mu Bai, I ..."

Chen Mia wants to explain.

"Okay, you don't have to explain what I have, in fact, I have already guess that you can't find investors to invest in our company, but I don't understand why you want to lie? Do you think this is fun?"

Su Mu-white voice rushed to Chen Mima.

"Investors really have an urgent matter today ..."

Chen Mo's voice shouted.

At this time, he finally felt something that was more wronged, others think that Chen Mo is blowing, Chen Mo may not care, but he didn't expect to even think of this.

"Chen Mo, okay, don't tell me these, you really make me disappointed!"

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo shouted.

The entire conference room is quiet in an instant.

Everyone looked at Su Mu, who didn't think of it all the time, and there would be so excited.

"Chen Mo, you really disappointed, I originally thought that although you are poor, but other aspects are still, it is not so much, but I didn't expect you to make such a thing today. You lie to me as a fool, do you think is it fun? "

Su Mu Bai went to Chen Milo, and the tone shouted.

"I ..." Chen Mo did not want to talk.

"You are you? From today, we will cancel the marriage contract between our two, anyway, I need to carry a big debt now. I don't mind, I will not mind my father's debt, I am going to go. Just, I will not be with you! "

Su Mu Bai was very excited to rush through Chen Mo.

"Do you want to cancel my marriage contract?"

Chen Mo listened to Su Mu Bai directly stunned.

"Yes, I just want to cancel the marriage of you!"

Su Mu Bai nodded very firmly.

......