Chapter 23: Shocked the audience

The little girl listened to Zhang Li in Nanyang University, and her heart was very clear. Chen Mo did nothing is a poor silk. It is usually not worthy of food in the school's cafeteria. Eating in place.

But at this time, Chen Mo is now in this place. The only explanation is that Chen Mo is coming to do part-time.

So the little beauty will only use this thing to threaten Chen Mo, venting his own heart to Chen Mo's hate.

"You are best to apologize now, I don't care about these things. Otherwise, I will let the manager will come out!" Xiao Beauty hugs with the shoulder expression very proud to rush through Chen Mo. .

"I am not the employee here, if you want the manager to expel me, then I will expel me!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"Ha ha……"

The little girl was smirked and then continued: "Every time, what are you still with me? You are not here, you are here, you are here? You won't say you to tell me here. Eat it? Chen Mo, don't think I don't know you, the things you are in Nanyang University yesterday told me! "

Chen Mo did not mood with this woman in front of him, and he was ready to leave.

"Do I let you go?"

Xiaomei did not rely on Chen Mo, then continue to say: "Chen Mo, you can find a part-time job in this place? At the very least, you can earn more garbage in the school, decent More, do you really want to lose this job? "

"Trouble, let your hand let go, I am not the staff of this restaurant, I am coming to eat, and yesterday's things I have been with today, you have told you humility, you don't have to be so unreasonable of!"

Chen Mo said very impatiently shouted at the little girl.

Although the little beauty can count the best quality, only this character is really no way to accept, so Chen Mo has no good feelings for this little beauty.

"Dead duck mouth is hard, I see you don't see coffin, don't fall tears!"

The little beauty talked, while reaching out his mobile phone, then dialing a number.

"Hey, is it a manager?" Xiaomei wrinkled.

"Miss Su, do you have anything?"

Little beauty usually often comes to the Jacques restaurant, so it is very familiar with the manager of this restaurant.

"There is an employee in your restaurant, I have to apologize that he is also straightforward. You will have a hand of this person immediately, or I will never come to your restaurant!" Xiaomei female language Shout.

"Miss Su, don't worry, I will go right away!"

The things such as employees are simply shameful for the Jacques restaurant, so the manager of the restaurant is very tense back.

"I am in the bathroom, come over!"

The little beauty felt back, and then hanged the phone directly.

"The manager of a restaurant will come over, I see what do you do?"

Little beautiful women put away their mobile phones, and the expression is very proud of Chen Mo.

"I have just told you, I am not the employee here, can you not be wrapped with me, I really have something to do!" Chen Shi said helplessly shouted.

"Hey, you are now guilty!"

The little girl laughed and then continued: "If you apologize now, this is the past, I will not let the manager to expel you, if you continue your argument, you will wait!"

Chen Mo looked at the little girl in front of him hesitated, then whispered: "Well, then wait for the manager!"

"you……"

Xiaomei did not think of this time. Chen Mo still can still be so hard, hesitrates that there is no talk, prepare, etc., etc. The restaurant manager came to clean up Chen Mo.

After a few seconds, the Jacques restaurants ran with seven or eight security guards to Chen Mo and there are small women.

Perhaps because these security guards have a big movement, those guests who were originally in the restaurant were surrounded.

"Miss Su, what is this?"

Zhang Yi walked to the side of the small beauty, and the expression was puzzled.

"The employee of your restaurant just deliberately got the water to my face, Zhang Manager, you will open this person!"

The little beauty saw a little more, and it was embarrassed to say that Chen Mo did not give her, so they could only change an excuse.

Zhang Yi listened to the phrase of Xiaomei, and quickly turned to see Chen Mo's position, and the eyes flashed.

"Zhang Manager, where are you doing? What do you want to remove this person?"

The little girl saw Zhang Manager who didn't talk in the same place, shouted very excited.

"Miss Su, I ... I think you may have a little misunderstood. This person is not our employee of our Jacques ... Zhang Yi's expression is unuslessly rushing on the little beauty.

"Is he not the employee of your Jacques?"

The little beauty couldn't help but stunned after hearing this, and the expression on his face was very surprised.

"I have already said that I am not, you don't believe it!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"..."

Xiao Beauty hesitated, then biting his red lips: "Manager Zhang, even if this person is not your Jacques restaurant, you can't drive out this person?"

"Miss Su, don't be difficult for me? You are a guest of our restaurant. This person is also a guest of our restaurant. The contradiction between your two is good, our Jacques restaurant has no right!" "Zhang was lowered by low.

"you……"

The little beauty heard the sentence of Zhang Yi, and the heart was very unwilling to leave Chen Mo.

"Xiaoyu, what is this?"

At this time, the crowd suddenly sounded a very sweet and elegant voice.

After all the people heard the voice, he went to his body and he was able to look back at him.

When Chen Mo saw this beautiful woman, it was directly in the original place, and the expression on his face was shocked.

Although there are many beautiful women in Nanyang University, Chen Mo feels that the girls in the school are in front of this beauty, it is simply unbearable, even Gao Feifei Liu Luo, there is no comparability with this woman.

Pretty girls wear a white skirt, giving people a feeling like the fairy, and Yan Tingting came out of the crowd.

Chen Mer is dumbly.

......