Chapter 41: What is you doing so much from me?

After the students in the class, the students who saw Yanme Mo took away, all of them revealed the expression, no one knows what happened.

"Liu Rui, you said that Chen Mo is not a teacher?"

Meng Liang didn't seem to worry about Chen Mo at this time, couldn't help but asked Liu Rui.

"I don't know, according to reason, Chen Mo can not be able to get to Yanme"! "Liu Rui At this time, the expression on his face was very unexpected.

"Hey, if Chen Mo is really a teacher, then you can trouble!"

Meng Bright is very clear, Yanme this woman is not so good, so I am very worried about Chen Mo.

Li Kai Gao Feifei Liu Fei Xu Jiao and others are a gloating, they are now nothing to do with Chen Mo, it is best to be directly removed by the school.

......

On the other hand, Chen Mo followed the Yanme to go out of the classroom, and found that Yanme did not stop the footsteps, but directly walked directly to the position of the school dormitory.

After Chen Mai followed by Yanme, he couldn't understand it. He wanted to see what Yan Zhao went to the dormitory.

But I have to say that Chen Mo is still very enjoyable after he is in the body, because Chen Mo is just a long legs, and the richest hips.

In Chen Mo's eyes, the body of Yanme this woman can only describe the words of the gap.

"Teacher Yan, what are you looking for me?"

Chen Mo has hesitated, and it is rushing to hex.

"Waiting you will know!"

The color of the color is coming back, then continue to step on the position of high heels to the dormitory.

After a few minutes, Chen Mo followed the Yan Merme into the dormitory.

After entering the dormitory, Yanme is sitting directly in bed, and the slender legs are slightly overlapped, and then whispered to Chen Mo: "Chen Mo, I will take you here because you should be very clear inside yourself. ? "

Chen Mo listened to the words of Yanme, I couldn't help but stunned, whispered: "Teacher, I didn't see anything that day, I have explained you!"

"I am not talking about what you peek, I will change clothes!" Yanme can return to a sentence.

"What is that?"

Chen Miman asked.

"Don't you think something I have lost in my room?" Yan Xia asked.

"What is lost?"

When Chen Mo, the expression on his face seems to be more confused. After all, he didn't have anything in the room, how could Yanme I lost something?

"Teacher, what are you lost?"

Chen Mo hesitated and looked at Yanme.

"This time, you still don't admit it? When I came back, are you hiding on the balcony? Hello, look at what is now lost on the balcony!" Yanme has extended his jade point to the balcony Location, the sound is cold in Chen Sail.

Chen Mer's consciousness looked at the balcony, found that the balcony didn't seem to be less, but only a few sexy underwear hanging above the balcony.

"Teacher, is there any precious thing on your balcony?"

Chen Mo asked.

Yan Mo saw Chen Mo's face confused, I couldn't help but smile, then whispered: "Chen Mo, I have been this time, are you going to continue to put it?"

"Teacher, what you have lost, you can't talk to me directly?"

Chen Miman is very collapsed.

Yan Mo saw Chen Mo's face, I couldn't help but said, then I said: "Chen Mo, you really don't know what it is still here, don't know?"

"Of course, I really don't know!"

"call……"

Yan Mo saw that Chen Mo did not seem to lie, took a deep breath, then quickly adjusted his emotions, whispered: "I was originally placed in several underwear on the balcony, this room except for you. Haven't come to any outsiders, do you say that my underwear is stolen? "

After listening to these words of Yanme, I felt that I was on the top of Five Thunder. He didn't think of the things of Yan Mus.

And Yan Music is still misunderstood, and Chen Miman is going!

Although Chen Mima saw the lingerie, it was really very sexy, but Chen Miman did not change the allergies to make a stolen musk underwear.

"Teacher, I have entered your dormitory that day, but I didn't steal your underwear!"

Chen Mo's expression is helplessly explained.

"This dormitory is only a person who came in, it's not that you stolen, you can talk to you!"

Yanmele glamor, the expression seems to be a little ashaped to rush through Chen Mo.

"Even if I have come to your dormitory, this can not represent me stealing your underwear!"

Chen Mile stopped, and then quickly said: "Yes, teacher, when I came to your dormitory, I found someone in your dormitory, so I will run to the balcony, but wait for me to the balcony, That person has already ran away, will it be that the person steals the underwear? "

Although Chen Mo's clearing the thief, the thief, Chen Mile, but at this time he can only use this excuse to help you elute.

"It's impossible, when you walk, my lingerie is still, I will find the underwear when I came back!"

Yanme can directly deny this statement of Chen Mo.

"Yeah, since the teacher, you said, when I walked, my lingerie was still, I walked in the underwear, then how did you determine that I steal my underwear?" Chen Mo is busy with the saying.

Yan Mie heard Chen Mo's sentence couldn't help but stunned, then whispered: "That maybe you come back and steal the underwear?"

"Teacher, if you say this, is it a bit too much. I came to your dormitory. If I really intend to steal your underwear, why didn't I don't have something before, do you have to do this?" Chen Mo said that he was abnormally collapsed.

Yan Mo looked at Chen Mo in front of him. She suddenly found that Chen Mo said this sentence seems to have some truth. After all, if I really intend to steal my underwear, I don't have to do it at this time!

"I think it is definitely that the thief has steadped your underwear. When I came in, he should plan to start with underwear, but I accidentally hit me, he ran, and later, after we left, then after we left. The person came back to steal your underwear! "Chen Mo's hot iron looked at Yanme.

"..."

Yan Weme squatted with the tempting fox scorpion looked at Chen Mo, I don't know what I want to think.

And Chen Mima is also very nervous at this time. He doesn't know how to believe in his own statement, but no matter what, Chen Mo did not steal the lingerie in the underwear, and the metamorphosis of the underwear is certain .

"Is my underwear really not stealing?"

Yanme hesitated, and he asked Chen Mail.

"No, it is definitely not!"

Chen Mo wants to shook his head quickly.

"That's good, I will trust you today, you better don't let me find that metamorphosis is you, or do you see how I pack you!"

Yan Hibo said that he said with Chen Mo.

"Teacher, you can rest assured, your underwear is definitely not me stealing, I steal your underwear, what!"

Chen Mo Xi Xun said.

"Your boys steal my underwear want to do what you are not clear in your heart?"

Yan His laughed back and then gently stretched a lazy waist and continued: "Xiao Chen Mo, you don't think I don't know what the boys in our class look at the teacher, what is the meaning of my eyes, you carry I should not discuss it is right! "

"amount……"

Chen Mo listened to this sentence of Yanmei, and he took the expression on his face. He didn't know how he should answer the problem of Yanme.

After the appearance of Chen Mo, I couldn't help but laugh, and then reached out to take off my jacket, showing the sexy body, and the color of the musk is a white shirt, the skin is white, the double peak towering, abnormal people.

"Xiao Chen Mo, what do you do away from me? Sitting, talking about chatting with you ..."

Yan Been and patted the bed by shooting himself while talking.

After he heard the words of Yanme, when he was in the original place, his expression was obviously aware of it.