Chapter 67: Aggressive Sun Wei

Sun Wei and others were heard that Chen Mo said that he did not bring a bank card. The face changed, and the atmosphere in the entire sales office was strange.

"Mr. Chen, will you have a joke with me? If you buy a house, you will now tell me that you forget that you have forgotten the bank card. Are you joking with me?"

Sun Wei is cold, and the tone seems to have a little cold in Chen Mail.

"Is this very big?"

Chen Mer sat on the chair, and the tone was still very calm back.

At the eyes of Sun Wei, he may be a very big number, but this is nothing wrong with this money in Chen Mo's eyes, so Chen Mo has never taken a villa.

And today, Chen Mo has not been to see the villa's intent, but the middle Wang Yao has played a call to himself, Chen Mo didn't have anything in the afternoon, so it reluctantly agreed.

"Mr. Chen, can not be very big for you, but all the staff we have just given you busy, now there is already ready to be prepared, and we have changed in time over the site. The real estate information, you are not bought because there is no bank card, who is these losses? "

Sun Wei looked at Chen Mo's soft sound.

At this time, Sun Wei treats Chen Mo's attitude is not like the attitude towards Chen Mo before, because she is some beginning to doubt that the Chen Mail will be the actor who is called Wang Yao, the purpose is to tease himself.

After all, if it is not the words of Wang Yaoyao, Sun Wei does not see that Chen Mimer will be a super rich second generation that can afford a seven million villas.

"I have said that I didn't buy it?"

Chen Mo looked at Sun Wei and asked.

"But you don't save money now, where do I find you in tomorrow?" Sun Hao had no expression.

"Not only 70 million? Can I still run because of this money?"

Chen Mai took the misunderstanding of the two-year-old, the mood itself was not very good. At this time, when he added Sun Wei's ridicule, it is inevitable that the tone is hard to have a bit.

"If you don't run, then you will take the money now!"

Sun Wei saw Chen Mo's talents, after a bit wrong, the heart was more approved by his previous guess, when Chen Mo was clear because he was exposed by himself, so the tone of speaking would not be as calm as calm.

"Sun Wei, how do you talk to Chen Gongzi?"

At this time, Wang Yao Yao can't see it, and I shouted with Sun Wei.

Other people in the field may not know the identity of Chen Mo, but Wang Yao Yao can be very clear. After all, Chen Mo did not blind in her sales office, and also gave Lin Xi, At this point, only Wang Yao Yao believes that Chen Mo is really because there is no bank card, so you will choose tomorrow.

"Wang Yao Yao, do you take this person? Is it deliberate to play us? I didn't ask in the price, I said that I have to buy a villa, and now the contract has been prepared for him. He actually tells me that I have no bank card. , Is there any fool? "

Sun Wei did not continue to install it at this time, and the face was shouted in Wang Yaoyao.

"Since Chen Gongzi said to buy this villa, then it is necessary to buy it, even if Chen Gongzi has no bank card, I can make the book, I will make money, I will make money." Wang Yaoyao returned to a word.

"Okay, since you have said this, then I am believed this kid once, let him pay the book!"

Sun Wei seems to have already identified that Chen Miman is a liar who came to Wang Yao, she won't believe that Chen Mo's money is expected.

"How much is the predetermined gold?"

Wang Yaoyao looked at Sun Yanyu asked.

"Two thousand!"

Sun Wei returned to the shoulder cold.

"Chen Gongzi, Otherwise, you will make a book will be paid first, then let's come over to supplement the tail tomorrow?" Wang Yaoyao quickly rushed to Chen Mo.

"Two thousand, I have no now ..."

Chen Mer is sitting on the chair and faint.

Because today Chen Mo changed his pants, he two bank cards were in another trousers. Chen Mo is now at all in his hand.

After Wang Yaoyao heard Chen Mo's words, Wang Yao was directly in the original place. The expression on his face was very helpless. She didn't seem to think about Chen Mo who still in his sales office before, and even twelve thousands. There is no way to predetermined gold.

If Chen Mo forgets that there is no way to pay for a bank card, it will be charged directly. This matter is still acceptable inside. After all, the more than 70 million big numbers are really not to say it, but as A rich second generation, now there is no way to come out, this is something that I can't say.

"Wang Yao Yao, where did you find this rich second generation? I can't even have two hundred thousand, do you sure this person is not cheating?"

After listening to Chen Mo, Sun Wei was rushed to Wang Yaoyao.

"Sun Wei, Chen Gongzi is only forgotten to bring bank cards, I use my reputation guarantee, Chen Gongzi will definitely make this money tomorrow, you don't have to be aggressive here!"

Wang Yao Yao said back to a sentence, then whispered to Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi, let's go, wait for tomorrow, I will take you over!"

"Great!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then get up and prepare to follow Wang Yaoyao left here.

"Wang Yaoyao, you stand!"

Sun Wei saw Wang Yaoyao and Chen Mima, and quickly stopped in front of Wang Yao Yao, and then waited for Women's big eyes and said: "Today, you take this poor boy to play our entire sales office. You are here now, I will take someone. Do you have any explanation for me today? "

"Yes, you must give us a explanation!" Other employees in the sales office have also stunned out and shout.

"Sun Wei, I advise you to do things too much!"

Wang Yaoyao bite his red lips whispered with Sun Wei.

"Wang Yao Yao, who is we doing things in two, you bring this garbage to come to the entire sales office, what do you want to do?" Sun Wei did not fear Wang Yaoyao cold. One sentence.

"I tease you?"

Wang Yaoyao looked at Sun Wei helpless, then whispered: "Okay, since you think I am taking you, or so good, if Chen Gongzi will make money in tomorrow, I will leave this company Ok?"

"Wang Yao Yao, is this sentence serious?"

Sun Wei flashed a different look in his eyes.

"Strap, so many people listen, I am really true!" Wang Yaoyao returned to the cold, and she still believe that Chen Mo must have the ability to buy this villa.

"Well, then I will leave you two leave today!"

Sun Wei agreed to a very happy.

Because she felt that Wang Yao Yao was guaranteed by his work, he said that Chen Mo may really have money to buy this villa, and even if Chen Mo does not have money to buy this villa, Sun Wei can be successful in the company. The death of the death of the head is driven away.

Therefore, whether Chen Mo is coming to pay, there will be no loss on Sun Wei itself, she is naturally very willing to agree.

"Chen Gongzi, let's go!"

Wang Yaoyao saw Sun Wei promised that he said softly to Chen Mo.

"Yep!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, and then walking towards the sales office.

"Chen Mo?"

But at this time, a beautiful woman wearing a black dress walked into the sales office. When the beauty saw Chen Mo, the instinct shouted.