Chapter 88: Scum

Wen Rui is in a feeling that his head is somewhat dizzy, and it will react when it is. Just now, it is just a drink of water, and then it is like this.

This shows that there is a problem with the water of Zhang Feng, and the mysterious smile before Lenovo, he is a hundred percent of the one hundred percent, and it is definitely the medicine to give himself a medicine.

"Zhang Feng, you actually give me the medicine!"

Wen Ruo stunned with the big eyes of the water, and his expression was very excited to shun.

After Zhang Feng heard this, he turned his head and looked at Wen Ruo, and the evil smiled and didn't return.

At this time, Zhang Feng has completely exposed its own nature in front of Wen Ruo, and he is not really like Wen Ruo. He is close to Wen Ruo, but it is just to defraud.

Wen Ruo is now very regret, and I regret why I didn't listen to Chen Mo, why didn't you stay away from this Zhang Feng.

"Wen Rui, you won't think I really want to send you home? In fact, those words I have just said, I have already guess you, I have already guess you may refuse me, so I deliberately in the water The medicine is inside ... "

Zhang Feng hook his head and saw Wen Ruo, who had been coma, said faint.

"Zhang Feng, I didn't expect you to be this kind of person, you ... why do you want to do this?"

Wen Ruo's expression is very excited to rush through Zhang Feng.

"Why do I do this?"

Zhang Feng smiled, then faintly said: "Laozi rewarded so much money in your live broadcast, I didn't have some people in your heart? You won't think that I really want to send you money for you. Who is this? Who will send more gifts? Who will sleep, when you are in the old man, what is it? "

"..."

Wen Rui looked at Zhang Feng in front of him. At this time, she has already said it.

"I give you so many gifts, just just to sleep with you, you can rest assured, I have no other meaning!"

Zhang Feng saw Wen Rui and did not speak.

When Wen Ruo, I took out my mobile phone. The instinct made Chen Mo's phone, but she didn't think of her, Chen Mo's phone was turned off.

Wen Rui had to prepare for the police phone, but this time Zhang Feng suddenly saw Wen Ruo's mobile phone, and he immediately grabbed his mobile phone and threw it out of the window.

"..."

Wen Ruo saw Zhang Feng threw his mobile phone, and his eyes were completely desperate, and then it was coma.

Zhang Feng huddled and looked at Wen Ruo, grinned and laughed, and then drove before he had already opened the hotel.

......

After more than half an hour, Zhang Feng parked the car at the door of the hotel. After hesitating, directly put the co-pilot has been unconscious, and then walked into the hotel.

The hotel staff is watching Zhang Feng and Wen Ruo, after two people, the eyes flashed a different vision, but there is nothing to ask.

Because this hotel itself is open from Zhang Feng, Zhang Feng has already said with the people here, and also gives the preparation of two thousand dollars in the front desk.

Zhang Feng came to Wen Rui to the prior room, and then threw Wen Rui to bed.

At this time, Wen Ruo is unconscious, and there is no meaning anywhere.

Zhang Feng looked at Wen Rui's slender skin-towering crisp chest, and the eyes flashed a greed, gently licked the lips, and then talked from the voice: "Finally, I finally got you, I see you. How do you run! "

After that, after I finished this, Zhang Feng reached out and took out the mobile phone and took a few photos to Wen Ruo.

After taking photos, Zhang Feng casually selected a beautiful leg photo without Wen Ruo's model to release the forum, and edited a title "Beauty anchor has been done, now lying on my bed! "s post.

This post has just issued less than a minute, and there is a hundred thousand people reply to praise.

"Feng Shaowei!"

"Feng Shaow!"

"Hey, can you eat alone, take a whole body, how is it?"

Similar to such a reply, Zhang Feng also revealed a satisfactory smile after seeing these replies.

Obviously, Zhang Feng also likes this to be sought after in the network.

After reading the post, Zhang Feng took his mobile phone directly and then went to Wen Ruo's position.

"I didn't expect that I was able to come to the best woman in the last time, huh, ..."

Zhang Feng looked lick his lips and then reached out to Wen Ruo's clothes.

After a few seconds, Zhang Feng directly took off the T-shirt on Wen Ruo, showing the black lace sexy underwear, and the proud double peaks seem to be comfortable to break through the underwear at any time, an abnormal tempting.

Zhang Feng can't help but swallow the mouth and then prepare to start taking off the Wen Ruo's skirt.

Ding Bi Lingling! "

But at this time, Zhang Feng's mobile phone suddenly rang.

Zhang Feng hesitated, turned his mobile phone, but after he saw this name, I couldn't help but stop, hesitated for two seconds, there was no choice to ignore this phone, but reached out. The phone turned on the phone.

"Gao Ge, how do you think of calling me?"

Zhang Feng asked Hao.

"Don't fuck in this, I am stupid, do you owe my money?" The other person is very paralyzed.

"Gao Ge, you are giving me two days, after two days, I will definitely not play money?"

Zhang Feng returned to a sentence.

"Zhang Feng, Laozi, how many days, how many days, you are now taken away in my hand, do you not plan to pay back?"

The other party seems to be a little excited.

"Tall brother, what are you? How can I owe your money? I just got a female anchor, I have money, I will give me two days, I can't do it?" Zhang Feng light Begudge.

"... two days, this is the last two days I tell you, if I can't see money two days later, you will wait for me to go to your school to find you!" The other side hesitated, whispered.

"Good high brother, you can rest assured, I will definitely pay attention after two days!"

At this time, Zhang Feng felt that he had already set a Wen Ruo, so I wanted to put this money or not any problem!

"Bye!"

The other party faintly returned, and then hanged the phone directly.

"Hey, wait for his Mom Laozi to get money, see you still dare to talk to me so much, dog things!"

After Zhang Feng saw the phone and hanged it, he went to the mouth whisper, and then turned to see Wen Ruo, ready to continue to heat up the clothes.