Chapter 42: The news of the hammer!

Yanme's hostel.

"Little Chen Mo, where are you doing? What do you do? Just sit here!"

Yan Xia said in Chen Mo.

"What is the one, I am standing here ..."

When Chen Miman is helpless, he doesn't know what Yanme this female goblin is going to do it now, so he naturally dares to sit.

"OK then!"

Yan Teen, he did not come back to nod, and then made a posture of a fascinating person, and the hand is rushing to Chen Mail: "Little Chen Mo, the boys inside the class How did you talk about my teacher? "

"They all praise your teacher, and it is also very good to students, things in class ..."

"Oh, my teacher, I don't want to listen to these nonsense, can you say that I can I can't hear it?" Yanme has interrupted Chen Mo's words.

"Teacher you can't hear?"

Chen Mo looked at Yanmei, then whispered: "Teacher, you know that friends I have in class are not a lot, so how do they drag your teacher, I am not very clear ..."

"Then what do you think I am a woman?"

The Yanme Pulsted the pair of foxes, and I asked curiously.

"A good heart and beautiful woman!" Chen Mohu quickly replied.

"Do you think I am beautiful?"

Yanme seems to be a little happy.

"Well, very beautiful, very sexy!" Chen Mo nodded.

"Then there is any fantasy that I took the plane?" Yanme glantly asked Chen Mo.

"amount……"

Chen Mo listened to this sentence, instantly collapsed, he didn't know how to say that the woman said to himself!

"Yes or no?"

Yanme is asked.

"No……"

Chen Mo wants to shook his head quickly.

"Liar, your eyes are sold!"

Yan Xia smiled and then continued: "In fact, even if there is, the teacher will not be angry, but should you not steal my underwear, do you say right?"

"Teacher, I really didn't steal your underwear!"

Chen Mo was obviously a little more crazy, and the expression was very excited.

"..."

Make up and down, I got up, Chen Mo, she was originally going to transfer Chen Mo's attention, and then set out Chen Mo's words, but found that Chen Mo didn't seem to be fooled, so I gave up the idea of ​​continuing to ask Chen Mo.

"Okay, I will let you go today, let's go!" Yanme rushed to sway with Chen Mo.

"Great!"

Chen Mo saw Yanmei finally planned to leave himself, long out, then turned directly to the hostel.

"Take Chen Mo, my friend's bar opened, you don't forget to go to the bar to do partiest things!" Yanme-you saw Chen Mo to let go of a reminder.

"Don't worry, I will definitely can't forget!"

Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence.

"Also, today you can't tell anyone, otherwise you will die!" Yanme continued.

"I know, I will definitely not say it!"

Chen Mo said that he had helplessly promised, and then turned and walked out of Yanme's dormitory.

Yan Yue is sitting in bed, squinting with the beautiful beauty, I don't know what I want to think.

......

Chen Mo leaving Yanme's dormitory, long out, the original tense mood has eased a lot.

Although Chen Mo has inherited a few trillion heritage, many things in life have changed, but the only thing that has not changed is that Chen Mo has encountered Yanme, this woman will be sent to the heart. Nervous, it is not clear because it is nervous.

After a moment, Chen Mer came back to the classroom.

At this time, it is the time of class, the students in the class are talking about the day.

Meng Liang saw that Chen Mo came back, and quickly ran to Chen Mo's side, very worried about Chen Mail asked: "Chen Mo, why did you take you away?"

"There is nothing wrong with let me help her!"

Chen Mo naturally can't tell himself to the words of Yan Xia said in the dormitory, or when the color of the color can really kill Chen Mo.

And Meng Liang is clear about Liu Rui, and there will be something before and sole, so that Chen Mo is doing, so the two have no doubts.

"To Chen Mo, do you have something to do today?"

Meng Liang suddenly rushed to Chen Mail.

"Nothing, what happened?"

Chen Simeg asked.

"If you don't have anything, let's go to the bar to drink a bar in the evening ..." Meng Liang looked at Chen Mo's secret smile.

"drink?"

Chen Mo listened to this sentence of Meng Liang, it flashed in the eyes, because Chen Mo has never been done before, so there is no place to go to the bar at all. Meng Liang did not know what happened, actually active Invite Chen Mo to go to the bar.

"Yeah, isn't you broke up with G G G Gifei now? I see that you have always been very good at this time, so I will let Qi Qi shouted in several girls in their dormitory. Let's take a few girls in a few boys and talk about each other! "

Meng Liang smiled and explained a sentence.

Chen Mo knows that Meng Liang in Meng Liang is a girl who is pursuing in the pursuit. What is the relationship between the two now? Chen Mo is not clear.

"What is the one, I have no interest in going to the bar, or you are still two!"

Chen Mo hesitated and wanted to refuse.

"Don't say good, I have already said to Jiaqi. There are three girls in their bedrooms. We are just three people, and I also heard that Qi Qi's dormitory has a girl named Mingmei, very beautiful, to I will help you with you, maybe you have two! "Meng Liang said very enthusiastically.

Chen Mo saw that Meng Liang said so, hesitated and whispered: "Well, I will go with you today, but I think people should not look at me!"

"How do you know that people will not look at you!"

Meng Liang smiled and laughed, and then reached out from his wallet. One thousand dollars were handed over to Chen Mo.

Chen Mo saw a thousand dollars that Meng Liang came over, and then asked the expression: "What do you give me money?"

"Now those girls like rich people, this money you are holding, you will come to buy a single, people and girls see you, will definitely leave a good impression of you!" Meng Liang smiles .

"..."

Chen Mo looked at the cash in his hand. He suddenly flashed a touch in his heart. He hesitated and didn't say much.

"Brightness, a few days a few days ago, a few millions of Tu Million, is there any impression?"

At this time, a boys who were sitting in front of Meng Lang called asked Meng Liang.

Chen Mo listened to this sentence, I couldn't help but looked at the boys. This boys called Feng Zixu. In their class, it was known as the wind and ear. Basically, as long as it is the gossip news in the school, Feng Zi Xu knows that he said that Yanme was If this is, it is also sent out by Feng Zaoxu.

Although Feng Zixu's news is Hui built, there is also a part of it is true, so the classmates in the class are still very recognized by Feng Zixu's news.

"I have an impression, what happened?" Meng Liang heard the sentence of Feng Zixu gently nod.

"I know who is the past, who is the wind!"

Feng Zixu looked at Meng Liang's mysterious smile.

The students in the class heard the saying of boys in the world.

"Feng Zi Xu, who is the past, is it in the end?" A girl is curious to ask Feng Zixu.

"I told you, in fact, the past is a rich second generation of the Nanyang University, but what is the name, I don't know, but I listen to the third student saying that the past is saying that I am interested in it. With the female anchor called Wen Ruo, I will live in the post of our school! "

Feng Zixu smiled and said.

After he heard this, Chen Mo was in the original place, because if Feng Zixu said all true, then Chen Mo's guess is also right.

It is definitely someone stolen Chen Mo's account, and then pretending to be Chen Mo's identity for the warmth.