Chapter 134: I am going to call

Because Chen Mo is now not exposing his identity, he is ready to find a call from Li Jincheng to Li Jincheng to handle this matter today.

But I still don't wait for Chen Mo to go out of the conference room, and a young woman wearing white suit has walked in.

Chen Mo looked at the youth and found that this youth is not someone else, it is the rich two generation Zhang Shao, which is in the bar last night.

Zhang Shao! "

Zhang Shao! "

Everyone saw the rich second generation, he quickly greeted the rich second generation, attitude very polite.

It is very obvious that these people are taking advantage of this little bit, or they will never look like this.

"Mu Bai, what is going on? Your company listened to the lively today!"

Zhang Shao went to Su Mu Bai, and smiled and said in Su Mu.

"Zhang Ze, don't play in front of me!"

Sue Mu-white voice returned to a sentence.

"Establish? When did I play?"

"Today, all this is the right thing you arrange? You clearly know that I have no money to pay for these shareholders, so you will use these people to order me, before a few days they want to have a stock, then you, then you In the event of a company to invest in, because I rejected you last night, you canceled our investment, today let these people come over, I want to force me to desperate, I am forced to be with you. wrong?"

Su Mu Bai turned his head to Zhang Ze, and his expression was extremely angry.

"Ha ha……"

Zhang Ze saw that Su Mu, who had already guessed these things, so they did not pretend, smiled and said: "Mu Bai, I didn't expect you to be very smart, you are right, all this is all I arranged. But I am also a bitter! "

"What can you have?"

Su Mu Bai couldn't help but smile.

"I do so much thing is to be with you? If you put your fiance, I promised to be with me, don't you have so much happened today?" Zhang Ze smiled. Suduki said.

"..." Su Mu Bai looked at Zhang Ze did not speak.

"Since there is a saying, I will do it, you have two options now, the first choice is to with me, I invest your company, the second choice is to continue with you That fiance is together, but all of your company share will be returned, you need to face a large demand, you should consider it! "

Zhang Ze was slowly sitting in the chair and said softly.

"Zhang Ze, you will die this heart, I will not be with you in this life. You really do it!" Su Mu Bai shouted with the waters of Water.

"I didn't expect you to be very loyal to your fiance, then you will wait for your company to go down!"

Zhang Ze turned back and then continued: "I don't know where the waste fiance is in place. I have this kind of fiance. I still don't come out. If you say that you are looking for a boyfriend? Have you chose a choice? Find a necklace that I can't help it, can he be happy? "

"Zhang Shao, you may not know, Su Mu Bai's fiance is now standing behind you!"

I have been shouting in the middle-aged man who has been embarrassing.

Zhang Ze heard the sentence of the middle-aged person, and then quickly turned his head and looked at Chen Mo, and the expression said that "" Do you say this person is the fiance of Su Mu? "

"Yes, this is this kid, this kid just said that he can find new investors to help Su Mu Bai!"

The middle-aged person nodded gently.

Zhang Ze looked at Chen Mo's position for two seconds, and then smiled directly, while laughing, he pointed at Chen Mo: "Are you not the waiter in the bar last night? How did you become Su Mug? White fiance? "

"Is there any relationship between the waiter is not the fiance of Su Mu Bai?" Asked Chen.

"No ... It doesn't matter ..."

Zhang Ze smiled even more arrogant.

Su Mu Bai looked very helpless in Zhang Ze's face, but now the matter has reached this point, she doesn't want to explain what, can only make the worst plan in my heart.

Zhang Ze has returned to normal after a while, and looked at Chen Mima: "You are a small bar waiter, what can you find any investors? And Su Mu Bai, you said how did you find a fiance? I have chosen a bar's waiter, really laughing at me ... "

"Is there a funny? I chose what person when my fiance is my freedom, what is the relationship with you?"

Su Mu Bai couldn't stand the ridicule of Zhang Ze, stood up and excitedly shouted.

"I just think that this waiter can't assume you at all ..."

"Su Mu Xia Ning can choose my waiter, nor chooses you, don't you think about what you have?"

Chen Mer suddenly opened the words of Zhang Ze.

Zhang Ze turned his eyes, and then biting his teeth: "Okay, I have no mood now to talk to you, Su Mu, how is you planning, let's continue to wait with this poor boy waiting for the company Or is it together with me? "

"..."

Su Mu Bai hesitated, and his direct twist toward Chen Mo's position.

Although she knows that Chen Mima can help her find this investor, I hope it is very embarrassing, but it is also a hope that there is a miracle?

"You gave these people ready to contract, I went to call!"

Chen Mo said he said with Su Mu.

"Chen Mo, can you really find a investor? If you can't find it, you can't find it, or once you have finished the contract, my sister has no money to pay for their dismissive, the consequence is very serious of!"

The Soviet Yucheng said that he was tense against Chen Mo.

Chen Mo looked down at Su Tuyu, did not speak, and took his mobile phone and walked out of the meeting room.

Everyone saw Chen Mo's left, and the eyes flashed in the eyes. They were actually curious in their hearts. Chen Mo really helped Su Mu Bai to find investors.

Su Mu Bai took a breath and said softly: "Xiaoyu, you will let my secretary prepare the contract!"

"Cameard, do you really plan to give these people? If Chen Mo can't find investors, then things can be troublesome!" Su Cheng Yu heard the words of Su Mu Bai.

"Yeah, Mu Bai, can't you look at your company, don't want to be with me?" Zhang Ze stood up and shouted.

Su Mu Bai heard Zhang Ze, showing Zhang Ze, then said that there is no expression: "Zhang Ze, I said, I will not fight with you in this kind of person ..."

"you……"

Zhang Ze looked very much in the face, because he didn't understand what Chen Mo's poor silk was good, Su Mu Bai would rather I would not choose myself with Chen Mo!

"Xiaoyu, prepare the contract!"

Su Mu Bai knows if he does not give these people today, they will not give up, so, whether Mo can finally help himself find investors, she has to retreat to these people.

As for the dismissed fee, if Chen Mima can find investors, it is natural that it is best, if you can't find it, the Su Mu Bai can only find ways.

......