Chapter 146: Competitor

Mercedes.

Li Jincheng looked at Chen Mo and then said softly: "Chen Gongzi, now someone wants to compete with you to inherit the old chairman's legacy!"

"Someone wants to compete with me?"

Chen Mail listened to this sentence of Li Jun, flashing in his eyes, then whispered: "You didn't say that Wang Cheng did not have a lover, who came to compete with my heritage?"

"Chen Gongzi, the old chairman did not marry and did not marry, but the old chairman had a sister, called Wang Tianyi!"

Li Juncheng looked at Chen Mo slowly.

"Wang Tianyi?"

Chen Mail couldn't help but kneel it later, then wrinkled with brows: "Do you say this person is a Nanyang City?"

"No, he is the people of Beijing!"

Li Jincheng looked at Chen Mo and shook his head, then continued: "The Beijing Wang family is also a very famous family in Beijing, the old chairman, the old master, Wang Liang, is a brother. ! "

"What do you mean, this king is a son of Wang Liang, and Wang Liang is the brother of Wangcheng, right?"

Chen Mo's simple analysis, whispered.

"Yes!"

Li Juncheng nodded.

"Since the king city has a relatives in this world, why should the Wangcheng still let me inherit the legacy?"

Chen Mimi is a little confused.

"The old chairman's brother Wang Liang may be more ruthless than strangers!"

Li Jincheng sighed, then looked at Chen Mima: "There are two in the Beijing Wang family, one is Wang Liang, and one is the old chairman Wangcheng, so these two people have to get the position of the Wangjia family. Competition, and this Wang Liang knows that he is not the opponent of the old chairman, so we will be able to find abroad of the killers. If you want to kill the old chairman, the old chairman is forced to have left the Wang family of Beijing, and then ran to the abroad My company! "

"Is there such a thing?"

When I heard Li Jincheng, I flash a shower in my eyes, and my fraudulent angle in the giants is not an ordinary person such as Chen Mo.

"Yeah, but also thanks to Wang Liang, I have the brilliant life of the old chairman. When the old chairman, he went to the country, and no one thought that he was so big to have such a big achievement!"

Li Juncheng lamented a sentence, then continue to say: "It is because Wang Liang has killed the old chairman, so that the old chairman is cold, so he specially left a will, I want Chen Gongzi, you will inherit the heritage. He didn't want to see your hard work, and finally fell in the hands of the king! "

"Ha ha……"

Chen Mo said, I couldn't help but laugh, and then said with his mouth: "This king is still a father and son, and it is really not to face. When they first took Wang Cheng out of the king, but also rushed, now I saw Wang Cheng's money, and I want to inherit the legacy of people ... "

"There is no way, Wang Liang and Wang Tianyi belong to the relatives of the old chairman. The two people themselves are also in line with the conditions of the inheritance of the old chairman, but they did not think that the old chairman had left a will, let you inherit the heritage "Li Juncheng said slowly.

"Since Wang Cheng has left a will, what is Wang Liang to compete with me? From the legal sense, I am a real heir, can they also take the things in my hand?"

Chen Miman said very casually, he rushed to Li Jincheng.

"Chen Gongzi, you are the heir, but you don't forget, you have not really inherited the heritage of the old chairman, you only have the right to temporarily dominate the old chairman's legacy, if in the next three years During your time, you still have to get married with Su Miss Su, then you will completely lose the right to inherit the legacy! "Li Juncheng reminded.

"Who is three years?"

Chen Mo listened to the sentence of Li Juncheng, showing excited.

"The time specified above is three years ..."

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Li Juncheng in front of himself and was stupid, and his expression was abnormal.

Just now, Li Jincheng said that Su Mug Bai's heart will marry himself. This requirement is very difficult for Chen Mo, at this time, Chen Mo has discovered that there is still time requirements!

"That is to say, I have to make Su Mu Bai Xin will marry me in three years, and these legacy of Wangcheng will belong to me?"

Chen Mo asked Li Juncheng asked.

"correct!"

Li Juncheng nodded gently.

"Rely, what is this Wangcheng wants to do? Let me inherit the legacy inherit the legacy, I don't have to get so many conditions? What do you want to do? If I don't do it, the king's legacy is not to fall in Wang Tianyi Human hands? "Chen Mozhen shouted.

"I think Chen Gongzi, you should be able to do, I will try my best to pursue Su Miss Su!"

Li Juncheng said with Chen Mo, said.

"You still roll, can you help me with an old man?" Chen Mo was very annoyed to rushing to Li Jincheng.

Sun Guangmao, who is sitting in the co-pilot, I can't help but feel slightly trembled, secretly sigh in my heart: "The world dares to talk to Li, it is estimated that only Chen Gongzi is there?"

"Ha ha……"

Li Jincheng looked at Chen Mo smiled and then continued: "Chen Gongzi, now Wang Jia people have not intended to you, their current plans are first quiet, if they are in these three years, you Can't marry Sue Moon, then you will naturally lose the right to inherit the legacy, and their Wang family can sit in the profit! "

"If I can marry Su Mu Bai?"

Chen Mo asked with Li Jincheng.

"If you want to marry Siu Mai, they may be ready to kill you, once you die, the old chairman's legacy has to be inherited by the Wang family!" Li Juncheng said this sentence. The tone is very calm, as if they have been very empty for such things.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Li Juncheng, and the eyes flashed a surprise.

He didn't think of the king's person actually wanted to kill himself. Although Chen Mo was inherited Wang Cheng's heritage, it turned from an ordinary person into a super rich second generation, but said that Chen Mo is just a general poor student, at this time He is facing Li Juncheng to talk to himself, and there is still a little fear in his heart.

After all, in Chen Mo's eyes, the bloody struggles between the big family should only appear in the TV series and movies.

"Chen Gongzi, you don't have to be too nervous, in order to protect your safety, I deliberately prepared a baby!" Li Juncheng said with Chen Mo.

"Baby? What baby?" Chen Mo asked Li Juncheng asked.

"Waiting you will know!"

Li Juncheng returned to a sentence, then shouted at the driver: "Xiao Zhang, driving!"

Chen Mimei watched Li Jincheng, there was a bit speechless, couldn't help but said: "What baby can't be said to? What is the mysterious doing?"