Chapter 73: No one wants to go

"Oh, your kid is still very arrogant?"

Duyan didn't help but knew after hearing Chen Mo.

"Chen Mo, isn't it impatient, you know who I don't know who my brother-in-law is? You know I don't know if you talk? Don't think you have money to buy this villa, everyone is afraid of you!"

Mingmei glared at the big eyes of Water Wang Wangji.

"Yeah, I really thought that I had a few stinky money. Isn't it to buy a broken villa? Just now, my sister is taking a joke with you, I really will really resign because of your words. What is true! "Sun Wei was in the scene of Duyan, and continued to speak.

After all, in their eyes, Chen Mo may be a little money, but people Duyan are the young master of Dujia in Nanyang City, the background of the relationship is very amazing. It is not the outbreak of Chen Mo.

"You said that as long as I buy this house, you will resign, so if you don't resign today, you don't want to go!"

Chen Mo looked at Sun Wei to returned to a very calm.

In fact, if it is not because this Duyan is doing it too arrogant, Chen Mo is not intended to continue this matter, but Du Yan's attitude makes Chen Mo feel very uncomfortable, and anyway, now his identity is now exposed, everyone is I know that I have money, Chen Mo is of course to retaliate about the two people of Sun Wei Mingmei.

Wang Yao Yao was worshiping after hearing Chen Mo, because she felt that Chen Mo said that this sentence is too handsome.

Even if Du Yanyia, Mingmei can't help but feel the heart, because she can feel that Chen Mo sitting on the sofa, and the one who knows him yesterday, Chen Mo, who did not dare to still have a mouth, is like it is Two people are the same.

The temperament of the body has changed the change in the sky.

"Kid, you don't let me go, I will not leave?"

Duyan looked at Chen Mo's cold smile.

"I don't let you go, today you can't get it!" Chen Mo was very domineering.

"Oh, no one can stop me in Nanyang City, I will leave today, I see how you can take me?"

Du Yan seems to come to temper, and go outside the sales office.

At this time, Sun Wei Ming is watching. How does Duyan may recognize?

"Wang Zhongqiang, let the security guards in the sales office stop this person!"

Chen Mimo said with Wang Zhongqiang.

"Chen Gongzi, this Du Shar ..."

Wang Zhongqiang is somewhat hard at this time.

"As long as you stop this person, your villa area is worth more than 300 million villas. I bought it now!" Chen Mimi said unhappy.

When Wang Yaoyao introduced the villa for Chen Mo, he deliberately mentioned the most luxurious villa, but Wang Yaoyao felt that even if Chen Mo is a super rich second generation, it should be impossible to spend so much money to buy the house, so There is no more understanding of Chen Mo.

Everyone in the scene is all stunned after hearing this.

Sun Wei Ming Mei Duyan is also shocked.

You know, the value of more than 300 million villas is still very famous in Nanyang City, and countless people are watching what is going to have money to buy.

But at this time, Chen Mo actually said that he would buy the house, how many people may not be surprised.

"Chen Gongzi, you ... what do you say?"

Wang Zhongqiang is very excited, and it is said that Baba shouted.

"I never joked!"

Chen Mo fell back.

Wang Zhongqiang was obviously hesitant, although Du Yan is Wang Zhongqiang does not dare to sin, but if Chen Mo is able to buy the value of more than 20 million villas, Wang Zhongqiang can get nearly 10 million bonuses, while selling All employees in place can also get 100,000 yuan rewards.

This money has other employees for Wang Zhongqiang, but who will not be heartbreaking?

"Wang Zhongqiang, do you think this kid has money to buy the house?"

Duyan seems to see that Wang Zhongqiang has a bit of heart, and even the scorpion shouted.

"Zhang Ming, you tell him, have I bought this villa?"

Chen Mimo said softly to Zhang Ming.

"..."

Zhang Ming heard this later, then reached out and wiped the cold sweat on his face, whispered: "Chen Gongzi did have money to buy this villa!"

Zhang Ming came over to Chen Mo's check, but the bank's leader personally made him come over, and before Zhang Ming settled, the leader deliberately explained, Chen Mo spent how much money today.

Although Zhang Ming is not very clear, Chen Mo's true identity, but he knows what the doctors are representative.

"..."

Wang Zhongqiang saw Zhang Ming to determine that Chen Miman can buy the more than 200 million villas, the expression has begun to change, and the scorpion shouted: "The security guards still have anything, give me three people!"

" ..."

More than a dozen security guards directly on the position of the door.

The sales lady in the sales office is also all in the three people who have been in Duyan Mingmei.

After all, if Chen Mo really bought the category of the house, they have 100,000 yuan of bonuses, so these people simply don't care about the exerts between Sun Wei before, all stand in this side of Chen Mo.

After Chen Mo saw this scene, I couldn't help but smile.

At this moment, he finally understood the truth of richness to make the ghost.

And Wang Yaoyao stationed around Chen Mile, there was no better in his heart. She originally thinks that Chen Mo is only able to buy a seven million villas. I can get a lot of communities, but who can think of Chen Mo will actually buy it. Take the biggest and most expensive villa in Nanyang City.

And you can take this opportunity to remove the death of Wang Yao Yao directly.

How can Wang Yaoyao may not be happy?

"Do you all do it in front of me? Are you going crazy? How can Chen Meren may buy a villa? You are all cheated!"

Sun Wei shouted in the security guard in front of himself.

The Mingmei is standing in the same place. At this time, only one thing she thinks, that is, Chen Mo really has money to buy the house. After all, everyone does not believe that the check is true. !

If Chen Mo's true money bought a villa, Chen Mume can't be described in the second generation of this word.

"Wang Zhongqiang, do you have to do it with me?"

Duyan turned his head to the position of Wang Zhong, and his expression was extremely angry.

Du Shao, Sun Wei did before, if Chen Gongzi bought a villa, she resigned, so as long as Sun Wei resigns, I can let you leave immediately! "

Wang Zhongqiang fell back to a sentence.

"Let Sun Wei resigned?"

Du Yan couldn't help but smirked.

In fact, Duyan is not very careful of Sun Wei's job. He just feels that he really let Sun Wei resigned, it is too no face.

To put it bluntly, this is not a problem that the resignation does not resign, but the problem of face.

"Well, I see you really eat the bear's heart leopard, even I dare to stop!"

Duyan cooked, then reached out to take his mobile phone, saying that there is no expression: "You have given me waiting, I will let my uncle bring people, I will understand today, in Nanyang City This small place is not that you have two stinking money, you can do it! "

Wang Zhongqiang and Zhang Ming have heard Duyan to call his uncle, and it is very fearful in an instant.

"Chen ... Chen Gongzi, Otherwise I think this is still for it today, Du Jia people are really not provoking! You still let them go ..."

Zhang Ming was also afraid, and the Baba said in Chen Mo.