Chapter 82: Fine 100,000

"Chen Gongzi, how are you here?"

Zhang Yi went to Chen Mo's side and smiled from Chen Mail.

"I came over with my friends, but your restaurant now seems to have no position, just ready to leave!"

Chen Mo looked at Zhang Yi's faceless back.

After listening to these dialogues between Chen Mo and Manager, everyone revealed the expression of intake, because they didn't understand why Chen Mo did not wear a dress or other aspects, why can people know the Jacques Restaurant Manager.

Of course, the most shocking thing should still be Zhang Feng and Wen Ruo.

"How can Chen Mo know the manager here?"

Wen Ruo's expression is very doubtful.

"Chen Gongzi, it is too embarrassed, our restaurant really doesn't know that you come over today, if we know, you must have given you a better room in advance!"

I heard Chen Mo's words scared.

Li Juncheng is the boss of the Jacques restaurant, and Chen Mo is the boss of Li Juncheng. How can the relationship manager in this? I can't understand it when I face Chen Mo, I didn't dare to have slightly.

"It doesn't matter, I have been dinner with a place!"

After Chen Mo finished this, he turned his head to see Wang Yaoyao, and then prepared to leave the step.

"Chen Gongzi, since you are coming today, how can I let you go?"

Zhang Yi's expression is nervous, then continue to say: "Chen Gongzi, trouble, wait a moment, I will give you a private room now!"

Chen Mo saw that he was so enthusiastic to receive himself, he hesitated, and he didn't leave.

At this time, there are people who are waiting in line in the restaurant to see Chen Mo's eyes are very surprised. The Jacques restaurant is a very famous restaurant in Nanyang City. It usually can't grab the position, but at this time, the manager of the Jacques restaurant actually wants. Take the initiative to arrange the private room, how big is this?

And Zhang Feng looked at Chen Mo, the expression on his face was also very surprised.

Manager Zhang communicated with the waiter, then turned to Chen Mima, laughing, said with Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi, we have given you this room, please please!"

"Great!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then go directly to the position of the bag.

Wang Yao, who was excited to follow Chen Mo, and she felt that she was able to eat with Chen Mo, it is too faceless.

However, when Chen Mai came to Wang Yao, he said, Zhang Feng suddenly said: "Chen Mo, you won't be accommodated by Fu Po? Is it also posed by the boss of this restaurant?"

After listening to Zhang Feng, the guests were in the original place, because I know Chen Mo's identity, I just got a smile.

Chen Mimo went to see Zhang Feng and then said: "Put this person out!"

"Okay, Chen Gongzi!"

Zhang Yi nodded.

Chen Mo took Zhang Feng into the private room.

After the manager, he saw that Chen Mo left, shouted at the security guard: "What do you stand there? Do you still have to go out?"

Several security guards have been rushing through the position of Zhang Feng directly.

"You ... what do you do? I am a member of your restaurant, you still have to go out?"

Zhang Feng saw several security guards to surround themselves, and the expression shouted.

"Are you a member of our restaurant? Why did I never have seen you?"

Zhang Yi looked at the Zhangfeng in front of himself, and the eyes flashed.

Because the membership of the Jacques restaurant is very strict, it is necessary to have a very professional approval, basically every member's information manager understands, so that he can facilitate him in the face of different guests.

"This is my membership card!"

Zhang Feng took the membership card borrowed directly, I wanted to prove my identity, but he didn't know how stupid it was in this behavior.

"Can you let me see your membership card?"

The manager rushed to Zhang Feng.

"of course can!"

Zhang Feng Director Director Directs the manager's hand.

After Zhang Jian, he passed the membership card, and he handled the waiter and said: "Give me the identity information of this membership card!"

"Ok!"

The waiter nodded and put the membership card on the card reader.

When Zhang Feng heard this sentence, his face changed, because he was very clear about this membership card.

"If you are, let's go!"

Zhang Feng worried that his identity was revealed, hesitated and said softly.

"Great!"

Wen Ruo is busy nod, want to leave here with Zhang Feng.

But at this time, the manager suddenly reached out and stopped Zhang Feng, then said that there was no expression: "Now you can't leave!"

"I ... I can't leave?" Zhang Feng's knot shouted.

"Because now your identity has not proved!"

Zhang Feng said very calm back.

"Zhang Manager, this membership card is the Ruifeng Group Wang Gongzi!" The voice of the waiter resounded throughout the restaurant.

I couldn't help but laugh at the waiter, then I said: "I have seen the Wang Gongzi of Ruifeng Group, should you not be Wang Gongzi?"

Zhang Feng looked at the manager in front of himself, and his face was very embarrassed.

At this time, Wen Ruo is also very convinced, because she can't understand that since Zhang Feng is so rich, why does it still need to use someone else's membership card?

"Zhang Feng, what is going on?"

Wen Rui hesitated, and asked softly from Zhang Feng.

"Ruo, in fact, this membership card is what I borrowed!"

Zhang Feng knows that he has already concealed, and can only whisper recognize that he is looking for someone to borrow a card.

"This card is you borrowed?"

Wen Ruozhen heard this after the moment.

"Since you admit, this is good!"

At this time, I was suddenly shouted at this time.

"Do it? What is it?" Zhang Feng asked Zhang Yan asked Zhang.

"Our restaurant has a clear provision. If you want to use or borrow someone else's membership card, it is necessary to fine!" Zhang Yi said that there is no expression.

"fine?"

Zhang Feng looked at the manager in front of himself, and the expression was even more incredible.

"Well, fine 100,000!"

The manager whispered back.

Zhang Feng felt that he was like a five thunder after hearing this sentence, and now he can't get one thousand dollars, but it will take 100,000 yuan for 100,000 yuan!

This is simply in the life of Zhang Feng!