Chapter 64: Do you want to buy me a villa?

"Chen Gongzi, do you know that person?"

Wang Yaoyao felt that Chen Mo saw Su Mu Bai, and his eyes seemed to be a little less right, and it has always been standing in the place where there is no way, so I can't help but ask.

"Well, you first go to the sales office waiting for me, I will go in and find you!"

Chen Mo fell back.

Chen Mo is not worried about exposing the identity in front of Wen Rui, but I am worried that I have exposed my identity in front of Su Mu.

Because the inheritance legacy agreement has a clear provision, Chen Mo can not expose his identity before you get married with Su Mu,.

Chen Mo concealed his identity because of the low-key, he didn't want his life to be destroyed.

If everyone knows that Chen Mo is a trillion usa, then he has no way to live normally, and all kinds of people will find the door.

But for Su Mu Bai hides your identity, because Chen Mo is forced to help, he only has this option.

Wang Yaoyao heard Chen Mo's words, hesitated for two seconds, directly stepped on the high heels twisted a round little butt, and walked in the sales office.

And Chen Miman has walked in Su Mu, and today Su Mu Bai is wearing a white sling dress. The fabric is very penetted. The side is like a cheongsam. It has been opened. Only a pair of white high-heeled sandals, the whole person looks like a sexy, very defective, very fantastic.

The beautiful woman touched by Chen Mo, but he thinks no woman can compile with Su Mu, Su Mu, whether it is a temperament or a long phase, can be considered the best in the best.

Such a woman is still a non-married wife, which may be the ultimate dream of all men's hearts.

But unfortunately, this unmarried wife is just a fiancee!

Chen Mo clearly wants to really marry Su Mu Bai, unless I tell Su Mu Bai's true identity, Sue Murgia can't like himself.

"Hey!"

Chen Mer sighed, and then walked to Su Mu, smiled and said: "So smart, it is actually here!"

"Chen Mo?"

Sudu, who was originally a heavy look, after seeing Chen Mo, there was a shocked shocked.

"What are you doing here?"

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mail.

"I……"

Chen Mo Zhang said that he suddenly heard a pleasant ringtone.

"Wait a minute! I took a call ..."

Su Mu Bai knows that his phone is ringing, so quickly from the bag from the bag, then connect the phone.

"Little white, how do you see the villa you see today?" The phone sounded a middle-aged woman.

"Mom, I am in the sales office now. I also saw it. The location of the villa is good, it is very close to Dad's company, and the surrounding facilities, there is also the environment in the community. ! "Su Mu Baijiao returned to a sentence.

"Then if you feel good, you will buy it almost, your father is not talking about a villa recently." Si Mother slowly said.

Su Mu Bai heard the mother's sentence, the next consciousness looked at Chen Mo, and said slightly. "Mom, the villa here is really very good, but the price is slightly expensive, I see it There are more than 70 million villas. Dad's business has just turned over. If you take it out so much, I am worried that there is a problem with the company, we may have no capital turnover! "

"So this is ah!"

The Su Mother returned to a sentence, then faintly said: "That, wait for you to come back, I am discussing with your dad, I really can't let us loan!"

"Yep!"

Su Mu Bai nodded gently and then hanged the phone directly.

"Are you ready to buy a house here?"

Chen Mo saw Su Mu Bai hanging up the phone, smiling and asked.

"Yep!"

Su Mu Bai nodded and then continued: "My father's company just changed the address, this villa is very close to my father's company, so my parents are ready to change a house!"

"Oh!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, nothing to say.

"What are you doing here? Do you work part-time?"

Su Mu Bai got up and down, she felt that Chen Mo came here to not buy a house, after all, the house here is a villa, the price is cheap, more than 50 million.

Even if Su Mu Bai's family is somewhat unacceptable, let alone Chen Mo's kind of person.

"I am here to see the house!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"Are you looking at the house here?"

Su Mu Bai heard Chen Mo's words, then said with a small mouth: "You know how much you don't know what the house here? Can you afford it?"

"If you can't afford it, you can't see it?"

Chen Miman said casually.

Su Mu Bai heard that Chen Mo was in a moment, she didn't understand why people arranged a such a wonderful fiance. Even if Chen Mo is slightly normal, Su Mu Bai may not with Chen Mermail.

But Su Mu, who feels that Chen Mo is really abnormal, you don't know what is thinking about his mind, Su Mu Bai naturally has no way to agree to be married to Chen Mo.

"Right, I heard that I saw a villa, but I can't afford it." Chen Mo asked Su Mu Bai.

"How? What? Are you planning to borrow me?"

Su Mu Bai asked with a good luck.

"You are my unmarried wife, if you say how to borrow money, don't you buy it directly to you!" Chen Mo smiled.

"Well, if you really can buy this villa to send me, we don't have to play, I will marry you directly, I will give you married to you!"

Su Mu-white knew that Chen Mo was a joke. His life expenses in each month were given, and how can they have money to buy a 70 million villa?

"This is true?"

Chen Mo quickly asked.

"of course!"

Su Mu Bai smiled nodded, she thought that Chen Miman could not have money to buy a villa here.

"You are waiting!"

Chen Mo fell back, and then turned directly to the sales office.

"..."

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo's back, and his eyes flashed a different look.

Because when Chen Mo turned into the moment, Su Mu-white felt that Chen Mo did not seem to be like a joke with himself.

"Chen Mo, you are waiting!"

Su Mu Bai hesitated and suddenly shouted.

"Is there anything?"

Chen Mo slowed down and looked at Su Mu Bai and asked softly.

"What is your bank account? Last I let Xiaoyu have given you a living fee, I will call you directly!" Su Mu Lany said.

"Ah, I will send the bank account to you in a short message!"

Chen Mo fell back, and then continued to walk in the sales office.

After a few seconds, Su Mu Bai received a text message from Chen Mo.

When Su Mu Bai saw Chen Mo's text message, the beauty flashed a helpless, then shook his head softly: "A man who needs to find me 10,000 yuan every month, and actually praise the Haikou to give I am buying a villa, it is really ridiculous! "