Chapter 51: Wen Ruo is going!

When Chen Mo saw the boy in Wen Ruo, I couldn't help my own, because he is very clear inside, Wen Rui should be dating with the hammer, and at this time, there is more time. A strange youth, that this youth is very likely to steal the person of Chen Mo account.

The youth's long-term, but from the dress, it should be very good, the upper body wear a T-shirt of Givenchy, the waist is a horse her belt, the trousers can not see what brand, but The price should be made.

At this time, Chen Mo is still the same as that of Gao Feifei gave him a few years ago. Because the time of wearing is too long, there is already a little slightly white.

Compared with the boy in the room in Wen Ruo, Chen Mai is a sky, which is a sky, even if the fool can see who is coming to the end, who is the real local martial economy second generation past.

Chen Mo hesitated, reach out, I want to take out my mobile phone to take a look, and then let Du Tianhao investigate the identity of the youth, and find the account back.

However, when Chen Mo just took the mobile phone, Wen Ruo inside the room suddenly turned to the position of the door, Chen Mo did not let Wen Ruo's discovery, I had to pick up the mobile phone just took again.

"Chen Mo, you are back?"

Wen Rui saw Chen Mo, shouted very enthusiastic.

"Yep……"

Chen Mo nodded and didn't say much.

After the youth in the room saw Chen Mo, I also almost stunned, and then quickly laughed, I asked: "If you are, this is your friend?"

"Yes, he is the Chen Mo I told you is my good friend and neighbors!"

Wen Ruoyi laughed back, then walked to Chen Mo, and said softly, Chen Mo said: "Chen Mo, this person is the past that I said to you before, we have just dinner, it is him. Send me back ... "

"..."

Chen Mo listened to Wen Rui, and it was 100% in his heart to determine the youth who stood around Wen Ruo. The person stolen his account.

The youth seems to have not known that Chen Mo is actually the real past, and smiles, and whispered to Chen Mai out of the right hand, whispered: "Hello!"

Chen Mo looked at the right hand of your youth and didn't take the initiative, but said to turn around Wen Ruo: "I have something there, I will go first!"

After that, Chen Mo turned directly into his room.

In the face of a stolen account, but also prepared to use his account to lie to the liar, Chen Mo will naturally have any good face.

Chen Mo is ready to wait until youth, learn from the mouth of Wen Rui, and then find youth in the mouth of Du Tianhao.

According to Du Tianhao's strength, you want to find back Chen Mo's account from your youth, it is still very simple.

As for Wen Ruo, I can't know that I have been cheated, Chen Mo is now not concerned. After all, Chen Mo explained with Wen Rui, but Wen Rui did not believe in himself, Chen Mo did not intend to continue to explain.

The youth saw Chen Mo's returned to the room, and the eyes flashed in the eyes.

The expression on Wen Ruo is also very embarrassed. It is very embarrassed to explain the youth: "Zhang Feng, I am really embarrassed, this Chen Mei is like this, don't mind ..."

Youth Zhang Feng heard the words of Wen Rui, and quickly showed a gentleman's smile, said softly: "If you, what is Chen Mo like you?"

"Chen Mo likes me?"

Wen Ruo's expression is some.

"Yes, maybe because this Chen Mo likes you, so you bring me to your home, let him have some misunderstandings, so I will be at this attitude!"

Zhang Feng said.

"You still don't have a joke with me, I will talk to Chen Mo is a general friend relationship. How can Chen Mo like me? And if Chen Mo likes me, I ... I am ..."

Wen Ruo's remaining half of the sentence did not say exports, but it was very obvious, and Wen Ruo was telling Zhang Feng himself. It is impossible to like Chen Mo.

Wen Rui will not like Chen Mo, not because Chen Mo is a poor silk, the opposite is that Wen Ruo's feelings are still very good, after all, Chen Mo is good, and the length is not bad, nothing more than a poor, but Wen Ruo is not a matter of money Girl.

It is because Wen Ruo's heart is good in Chen Mo, she will take the initiative to invite Chen Mo to live with her.

But because I have experienced today, I feel that Chen Mo is a little bit of a small belly, and she feels that Chen Mo is this attitude. It is complete because of the heart, the heart is handsome, so there is money. The impression of Chen Mo is also a thousand feet. Don't say that I like Chen Mo, I can also have a problem with Chen Mo in the previous way.

"What are you?" Zhang Feng asked in Wen Ruo.

"No ... nothing ..."

Wen Ruo faintly, then reached directly to the door, with Zhang Feng back to the sofa.

The two don't seem to have a great impact because Chen Mo's things and continue to talk to the sky.

At this time, Wen Rui's good feelings have waters, but the good feelings of Zhang Feng have more and more.

Because Wen Rui feels that Zhang Feng is compared with Chen Mo, handsome and gold and gentleman, polite, no matter which point is Chen Merby.

On the other hand, when I returned to my room, I took out my mobile phone and started to call the seafood live platform, trying to find my account back.

But when Chen Mo was registered at the account, there was no mobile phone number and email at all, and Zhang Feng has now bind his mobile phone number. Chen Miman has no way to find it.

After tossing for a long time, Chen Mo finally chose to give up to retrieve this account, but quiet waiting for youth, then asked the youth from Wen Ruo, let Du Tianhao shot.

A blink of a blink of an eye, more than ten minutes, Chen Mo, who is lying in the bed quietly, has begun to fall asleep.

"!"

At this time, there was a sudden sound in the corridor.

"what!"

It's a scream of Wen Rui.

After Chen Mo listened to Wen Rui's scream, I sat straight straight.

"After it, Wen Ruo is going!"

Chen Mo's heart is not good, so quickly put on the shoes and rushed out of the room.

Youth Zhang Feng is a room with Wen Ruoqi, and Chen Mo feels that Zhang Feng will definitely be able to go to Wen Ruo, but he is refused by Wen Ruo, you have to come to Wen Ruo.