Chapter 21: Decorated Beauty

"Same?"

Wen Rui heard Chen Mo's sentence couldn't help but frowned, then pretty face, frown shouting: "Chen Mo, what do you think? My sister I saw you lived in that small room. Some cold sorrows, I just have an empty room, so I want you to move with me! "

"Ah, it turned out to be such a thing!"

Chen Mo listened to Wen Ruo's words as if some disappointed back.

"And I usually have lived at most, I will sleep after the live broadcast, I don't have time to clean up the house. If you move, you can help me clean up the house, so that you have given me a house. How? "Wen Rui looked at Chen Mo's light.

In fact, Wen Ruo is certainly not bad Chen Mo's rent, she said that she is nothing more than worrying that Chen Mo is embarrassed to live directly.

And Chen Mo looked at the Wen Ruo, in front of him, but it was also very touched, but Chen Mo knows that he has not married his wife now. If you want to live in a room with a girl, it is inevitable.

There is also that Chen Mo is now not wanting to let others know that he is a must-know the heir. If you live together with Wen Ruo, it will inevitably reveal.

"Thank you, but I am a boy, you are a girl, we have two people who live together seem to be a little less convenient!"

After Chen Mo hesitated, he said softly.

"You are afraid that my sister, I will take you cheap? Can I still eat you?" Wen Ruo said very disdainfully said with Chen Mo.

"I am worried that I will take you cheap. After all, you are an anchor. If you let the arsenions in the live broadcast you know that you live together with a boys, they can't eat me directly?" Chen Mo smiled.

"..."

Wen Ruozhen saw that Chen Mo didn't seem to move over and did not continue to say.

After half an hour, Chen Mo returned to his room.

Although Chen Mo did not promise to live with Wen Ruo, Chen Mo said, but in fact, his heart is still very regrettable.

"I blame what Su Mu Bai, or because of you, Laozi has already embarked on the peak of life!"

Chen Mo said that he was very depressed.

After all, Chen Mo is now having money, if you can live with Wen Ruo, you can have a beautiful woman, it is too happy, but because Chen Mo is now there is a bad wife, he does not dare to other Girl has any idea.

However, in fact, Wen Ruo today's words also reminded Chen Mo, he is now so rich, there is no need to live in this small house, he can go to the best in Nanyang City to buy a villa, by the way Buy a sports car.

Chen Mo plans to buy something to buy, while entering the dream hometown.

......

The next morning is 9:30 am.

Chen Mo was suddenly awakened by a ringtone.

Chen Mer took the phone and saw that Li Juncheng came over, and quickly turned on the phone.

"Chen Gongzi, is you now playing the Jacques restaurant?"

Li Juncheng asked softly.

"After it, I forgot this thing, I have passed now!"

Perhaps because I thought about how I would like to spend my money in my hand, Chen Mo didn't forget to meet the things that I met with the fiancee, so after I hang up, Chen Miman did not have to have to wash, and they hurriedly ran. Have a home.

Because Li Juncheng said, Chen Mo's fiancee did not know Chen Mo's identity, so Li Juncheng did not send people to pick Chen Mo, Chen Mo had to take a taxi to the Jacques restaurant.

Although Chen Mo did not have to go to the Jacques restaurant to eat, he knew that the Jacques restaurants were very famous for Nanyang City. The price is very expensive. It is not really qualified to eat at this restaurant.

......

The other side of the private room in Jacques.

Two girls sitting on the room while chatting while waiting for something.

One of the girls wearing a simple white t-shirt and black jeans dress. The high waist design of the trousers not only hooks the beautiful little label, which is originally tall, but also more elegant, youth. Have vitality.

And another female growth is more delicate, age seems to be more than the girl before, the face is a touchless makeup, the five senses, the black hair, and the brush, revealing the long white neck, body Wearing a white dress, there is a black belt, put the slender waist, step on a pair of white high heel sandals, and the long-term white legs are gently overlap, it looks abnormal Pretty embarrassment.

"Cameard, when will you have a fiance? Why don't I know?" Xiaomei said that he said very unexpectedly.

"Don't say it is you, even if I am also known for these few days ..." The beautiful woman is helpless back to a little bit.

"Hey, it is too pitiful. I don't even have a fiance. I have to look at the people who can go to the cousin today. If I can't help it, I will not agree!" Little beauty I said my little mouth.

"You don't agree, what is it? This is my father's meaning, I have no way to oppose!"

Elegant beauty whispered.

"Nothing, don't go to me to find me, I am so good, how can I marry this way?" Xiaomei shouted his little mouth.

Elegant beauty can't help but smile, then whisper: "Ok, don't say my business, I see that when you come back last night, it seems that it is not very happy. Is it what happened? ? "

"Congji, you still don't mention our things yesterday, you are angry now!"

The little girl shouted with a small mouth.

"What's the matter?"

Elegant girl is smirking.

"The cousin, I told you, but you can't tell others ..." The little beauty hesitated and said slowly.

"Okay, you can rest assured, I will definitely not tell others!"

"Yesterday afternoon, I went to Nanyang University to find my friends, but I was hit by a person, and that person just kneeled me ... mine ..." Little beauty red pretty face, I don't know how I should Say.

"Your body is above?" The portrait of the beautiful woman asked.

"What! What is more terrible than the body, his head is directly smashed on my chest, and he still smashed two times, I think that person is deliberately accounted for it!"

The little beauty shouted his eyes and then continued: "This is an ordinary person, I will, but I will listen to my friend say that person is a poor child who is garbage, and wear it very broken, I At that time, I was so angry, but I couldn't tell my friend, I was cheap, so I gave the person, I am now angry now! "

"So this is ah!"

The beautiful girl nodded gently.

"Cameard, I will tell you alone, don't tell others, if you say it, I can't do it!" Xiao Beauty said.

"Don't worry, I will definitely not say it!"

Elegant girl is smirking.