Chapter 65: The second generation is so low?

In fact, Chen Mo just said that it is not joking to buy a villa to buy a villa for Su Mu, after all, Su Mu Bai is also a non-married wife of Chen Mo, even if it is a famous, Chen Mo, this woman is not in nature. What bad guys, and also helped Chen Mo's successful inheritance of Wangcheng's legacy, so I bought a villa to give her to her.

Only Chen Mo is thinking about how you will give you a villa to Su Mu, and you can let Su Mu Bai don't know your identity.

With these problems, Chen Mo went into the sales office.

When Chen Mo entered the sales office, it was shocked by the luxurious renovation inside.

It is a place to sell the house. It seems to be much higher than the sales office that Chen Mo has been there. Even if the sales lady inside is very beautiful, but compared with Wang Yao Yao's sexy Royal Sister, still there is still very Big gap.

"Chen Gongzi, you are coming!"

After Wang Yao, I saw Chen Mo, and I quickly ran to Chen Mo's side, and I shouted.

"I just met a friend, so I lost a little time!"

Chen Mo looked at Wang Yaoyao whispered.

"It doesn't matter if it doesn't matter. I will give you a brief introduction to the villa inside this community!"

Wang Yaoyao said on the side of the arms around Chen Mo, and then the sound temptation started to introduce Chen Mo's situation in the villa community.

In the rest of the sales office, Miss Wang Yaoyao and Chen Mo are so intimate, all revealed the shocked expression, and the eyes are very incredible.

"Ya Yao sister said that she will bring a rich second generation to buy a villa today, will it be this person?"

"It should be not, this person is not like a rich second generation, it is like an ordinary college student!"

"Yeah, I think this person may even have ordinary college students, you see what clothes he wears!"

"But you see Yao Yao's attitude toward him, indicating that the person's identity background should not be simple!"

Miss selling has begun to tell whispered, and the eyes are covered with disdain to Chen Mo. They have no way to see that Chen Mo has the ability to buy the villa in this sales office.

"Chen Gongzi, our villas are now luxurious renovation, as long as you buy a house, you can stay at any time, how do you think?"

Wang Yaoyao briefly introduced the environment around the villa, and smiled, said with Chen Mo.

"OK!"

Chen Mer responded, and then looked at Wang Yao Yao: "There is a white dress, the girl who is very beautiful, should come to this sales office, you can help me ask which girl is villa!"

Wang Yaoyao heard Chen Mo's sentence, couldn't help but stunned, and then thought of Su Mu, who had encountered with Chen Mo at the entrance of the sales office.

"Chen Gongzi, I am going to help you receive your friends, what you have to ask her directly."

Wang Yaoyao said softly.

"Great!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then goes to the seating area, sitting on the sofa to rest.

Wang Yaoyao quickly walked to the front desk, and asked softly at the front desk: "Xiaoli, you help me see who the lady who has been in the white dress is receiving!"

The front desk Xiaomei heard the registration record on the computer later, and then said: "Yao Yao sister, the lady who has just went out should be a reception!"

"Sun Manager?"

Wang Yaoyao couldn't help but heard this, and his eyes flashed a speechless.

Because Wang Yao Yao works in this real estate company for several years, it is good to get along with other colleagues, but only two people with this manager have never deal with it.

Sun Wei is the original name called Sun Wei. It is a university classmate. When I go to school, the relationship is not good.

Later, after graduating from college, two people came to the same company. When I just entered the company, the relationship between the two people was still good, but later because Sun Wei often used some means of seeing someone to grab customers from Wang Yaoyao, two People's contradictions are getting bigger and bigger.

And when last year, Wang Yaoyao has a position with Sun Wei's two competing sales managers, but because Sun Wei's boyfriend has a relationship with the company's boss, it directly took the back door to make Sun Wei became the person in charge of the villa community sales office. Wang Yaoyao was assigned to a sales office of an ordinary community.

Although two people are both a manager level, people who can touch them have a very big gap, and the money earned will naturally have a gap.

Obviously, Wang Yao, who did not compete with a man who would only be sleeping with men. This matter also made Wang Yaoyao clearly realized that sometimes the woman is looking for my husband, it is more important than anything.

Although Wang Yao Yao is very substance of women with Sun Wei, I hope I can find the so-called Bai Ma Prince to marry into the giants.

But the two people's work style is completely different, and Sun Wei's woman can be able to sell someone else. It is often necessary to make some uncomfortable things in order to sell a house.

Although Wang Yaoyao also loved money, she has always insisted on his bottom line, unless Chen Mo's super rich second generation enabled Wang Yaoyao to give his body, and other ordinary people Wang Yao Yao is not possible to give up their principles.

"Yaoyao sister, do you want me to find a manager now?"

The little girl in the front desk rushed to Wang Yaoyao asked.

"Well, you will shout her!"

Wang Yaoyao hesitated and nodded gently.

She also wants to take advantage of Chen Mo today, take a good suppression of Sun Wei's arrogance.

After receiving this, the front desk is so busy and hurriedly rushed to go upstairs.

A few minutes later, the front desk little girl was not as good as Wang Yaoyao, but she took a fox with a woman who walked downstairs.

"Hey, I thought who was looking for me, it turned out to be Yao Yao you!"

Sun Wei saw Wang Yaoyao and said very enthusiastic.

"Sun Wei, my customers have some things you want to ask you!"

Wang Yao Yao has no mood with Sun Wei today, and it is very straightforward.

"your customer?"

Sun Wei snorted after hearing this, then said: "Where is your customer?"

"Chen Gongzi is waiting there!"

Wang Yaoyao walks in the position of Chen Mo while speaking.

Although Sun Wei has always been with Wang Yaoyao, but in fact, she is very well understood by Wang Yaoyao. She knows that if she is not really able to buy a house, Wang Yaoyao will never bring it.

After a few seconds, Wang Yaoyao went to Chen Mile, and then said to Chen Mo since the bikay, "Chen Gongzi, who received your friend, I have helped you find it, there is something you can ask her!" "

When Sun Wei saw Wang Yaoyao so respectful with Chen Mo, it was directly in the original place, and his face was very incredible.

Because she didn't think of the customer in Wang Yao, it was a very common poor little child. If Wang Yaoyao just took the initiative to talk to Chen Mo, Sun Wei couldn't see Chen Mo's ability to buy it here. A villa.

"Wang Yaoyao, what do you say is this person?"

Sun Wei's previous step, the expression was not convinced of Wang Yaoyao asked.

"Yes, this is Chen Gongzi. Do you have any questions?" Wang Yaoyao said faintly.

"Wang Yao Yao, are you cheating by this kid? Do you think he has money to buy a villa here?" Sun Wei asked very helplessly.

"Chen Gongzi bought a villa in my sales office two days ago, and then sent a person, do you think he can't afford the villa here?"

Wang Yaoyao returned to a very proud, as if Chen Mo's people didn't be Lin Xi, but she was the same.

In the sales office, I was originally despised by Chen Mo, after listening to Wang Yaoyao, I saw that Chen Mo's eyes had changed a very big change again. The feeling seems to have a good time at any time.

Sun Wei couldn't help but got up again and down, and Chen Mo was in a glance. In his heart: "I didn't expect the current rich second generation to be so low, I went out to do this?"

"There is a girl wearing a white dress. I have seen the house in your sales. Do you still remember which villa?" Chen Mo did not pay attention to the shocking eyes of everyone, look forward to Sun Yun asked in front. .

"Remember, she looks at the No. 302 villa!" Sun Hao stunned and replied.

"I bought this house!"

Chen Miman did not ask how much is much larger than this villa, and it is as if it is like buying vegetables in the vegetable market.

After listening to Chen Mo's sentence, Sun Wei immediately stunned again, and it was still shocked by shocked it.