Chapter 142: Can you still make money?

Chen Mo is very clear that these people in the conference room suspect that Sun Guangmao's identity is very normal.

After all, in the eyes of these people, Chen Mo is just a poor students' poor silk, and it is not possible to know the deputy general manager of the Dingsheng Group.

Chen Mo is also a person in two worlds with Sun Guangmao.

So in the face of Zhang Ze's vocal, Chen Mo did not want to explain what, directly let the people of the Dingsheng Group hit the money, everything is true.

Chen Mili is in some money, so he wants to use the money to fan a face.

After listening to Chen Mao, Sun Guangmao came back to a good time, and then took a mobile phone and hurried out the meeting room.

After the people saw Sun Guangmao left, the eyes were very complicated, and the entire conference room was also in a silent.

"Is this Sun Guangmao really a person of the Dingsheng Group?"

Zhang Ze didn't seem to be very practical, even busy his mobile phone came out, I want to give his dad to ask his father to ask a Dingsheng Group. Is there a person named Sun Guangmao.

But the call to Zhang Ze is playing out. Sun Guangmao ran back to the meeting room, then he said very seriously, Chen Mo said: "Chen Gongzi, we can't make money now!"

Everyone was in a piece.

And Zhang Ze showed a proud smile, slowly put down his own mobile phone, and secretly sigh in his heart: "The original Chen Mo is still playing, and the old man is jumping ..."

Chen Mo also suddenly stood up and looked at Sun Guangmao around him. After hesitating, he asked whispered: "Why?"

"..."

Sun Guangmao turned his head and looked at the other people in the conference room, whispered: "Chen Gongzi, let's go out!"

"Great!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, getting up and ready to leave.

"Chen Mo, when are you going to play? You admit that this person is the actor you have found, I think Mu Bai should not treat you, you said that you will continue to do so? Do you not have a stuffing in the morning and evening? "

Zhang Ze was shouted in Chen Mo.

Chen Mo called his head and looked at Zhang Ze, did not speak, turned and followed Sun Guangmao out of the meeting room.

Su Mu Bai sat quietly, and his eyes were very confused, because she didn't know if Chen Mo didn't knew himself at this time!

"Mu Bai, things are already like this, you won't believe Chen Mo?"

Zhang Ze was so smiled and rushed to Su Mu Bai.

"Yes, let me, I think that Sun Guangmao is absolutely Mo's actor, Chen Mo is lie to you from head to the end, he is lie to you ..." Su Yun Yu also shouted at this time.

"Why is Chen Mo to lie to me? He is so big for the Shouzhang, what can he have?" Su Mu Bai asked Su Ji Yuxi.

"What is the benefit? He is not hoped with your sister, you will be with Zhang, he wants to retain you!" Su Yun Yu quickly returned.

"But some things deceived for a while, I think Chen Mo may not be lie to me, or yesterday he can't sign the contract, today he has no reason!"

Su Mu Bai shook softly.

"Mu Bai, Mu Bai, you are really too true, I think this kid is acting from the beginning to the end. How can he know the deputy profile of the Dingsheng Group, it is a ridiculous!" The middle-aged people looked at Su Mu Bai.

"Ok, now there is no use, if Chen Mo does not lie to me, Mr. Sun will definitely invest our company, if Chen Mo lies me, then I will cancel the marriage with him!"

Su Zhitai stretched his own temple, and said very tired.

"Let's wait for a good show, I think this kid will definitely tell us later. Now there is a problem with the Dingsheng Group. If you can't do it, you will give you money tomorrow, and tomorrow, he will find a moment tomorrow. Excuse, this is dragged, and finally the pit is just Mu Bai yourself! "

Zhang Ze is completely a look of winners, because he is very confident that Chen Mo's two people are scammers.

......

the other side.

After Chen Mai came from Sun Guangmao, Chen Mo's form was very speechless to ask Sun Guangmao: "Sun secretary, what is going on? Why can't you make money?"

"Chen Gongzi, now Li is not, I can't contact him, if he disagree, it is impossible to agree to make money, but also a breath of investment so much!" Sun Guangmao said helplessly rushed to Chen Mo's explanation. .

"Is this company to be mine or he Li Jincheng? I am now the chairman, I am not good to talk?"

Chen Mo's emotion is a little excited. After all, I will toss for so long. If Chen Mo can't invest in Su Many, then I may have a big liar in the eyes of Su Mu,.

"Chen Gongzi, you are the chairman is right, but now our company knows that your identity is not much, and Li has always been a proxy chairman, so there is such a big sum of money, no matter how much Li Gong's consent "" Sun Guangmao war is speechless.

"call……"

Chen Mo couldn't help but take a sigh of relief after hearing this, and then bite his teeth: "Is there any other way now?"

"The way is, anyway, the company is also yours, you can use your own money to invest in this company today!" Sun Guangmao looked at Chen Mo.

"That's not, I use my own money to invest Su Mu Bai, Su Mu, will find this money to my private account, not your Dingsheng Group, at that time, things are more troublesome!" Chen Mo Shake it directly and continue to ask: "Can you contact Li Juncheng now?"

"I came to this company to give Li Peiked a call, but now I will call Li, showing that Li always turned off ..." Sun Guangmao said helplessly.

"This Li Juncheng, what is he doing? How come to the crust in the chain!"

Chen Mer bite his teeth, and his face was abnormal.

"Chen Gongzi, Li Tong should be the plane is late. If you don't work, you will go to the Su Mu Bai people, let's come over and sign the contract tomorrow. Tomorrow, Li will definitely can come over!" Sun Guangmao His hesitated, whispered.

"I can only do this now!"

Chen Mai helidly sighed and then continued: "You call your company now, let them cancel your company with Zhangjia's cooperation, such words should also prove your identity!"

"Well, I can do this!"

Sun Guangmao was busy nod, and then took out the phone to dialed his hand.

After a moment, Chen Mo returned to the meeting room with Sun Guangmao.

After seeing Chen Mo, Zhang Ze said: "Chen Mo, how do you have discussed this person? How do you continue to flicker?"

Chen Mo looked at Zhang Ze, did not take care of Zhang Ze, but said softly to Su Many: "Mu Bai, Sun Guangmao said that their company's general manager can't contact, you can see the contract with the money. That is tomorrow? "

"Hahaha ..."

Zhang Ze listened to this, laughed directly, then shouted with Su Mu Bai: "Mu Bai, do you see if this kid is not the same as I just guess? I know this Chen Mo will definitely use This excuse! "

Others in the conference room have also begun to laugh at this time.

"Chen Mo, why don't you have a face? You admit that you can't find investors to die? Yesterday you pushed today, today you pushed tomorrow, tomorrow, what do you plan to push tomorrow?"

Su Yucu is very paralyzed with Chen Mo.

"The general manager of our company is really contact ..."

Sun Guangmao knows that this matter is his own responsibility today, so he wants to explain.

"Okay, Mr. Sun, you don't have to say it!"

But at this time, Su Mu's cold voice interrupted Sun Guangmao, then got up to Chen Mo's face, his expression was seriously asked: "Chen Mo, you tell me the truth now, this person is not you looking for Come swindle? "

"No!"

Chen Mer shakes his head.

"well!"

Su Mu Bai couldn't help but smile, then the eyes were unusually lost: "Chen Mo, it is already this time, you are still lie to me, I am so annoying this life is that others lie to me, you walk Let me see you anymore! "

"Mu Bai, I ..."

"I let you walk, didn't you hear? Do you want me to call your security guard?"

Su Mu Bai did not give Chen Mo any opportunity, because she felt that Chen Mimi said that the days when I want to sign the contract, her heart has already determined that Chen Mo is lie to himself.

"Miss Su, I am really the people of the Dingsheng Group ..."

Sun Guangmao also wants to explain at this time.

"I don't care about you, I don't need your investment now, trouble you two!"

Su Mu Bai didn't want to be lie as a fool as a fool, reached out at the position of the meeting room, shouting.

"..."

Chen Mai hesitated for two seconds in place, and then biting his teeth and turned to leave.

Chen Mo was originally a kind, I didn't think that I didn't think that I did this, but I was a misunderstanding of Su Mu Bai.

At this time, Su Mu Bai has already said that this is so unhappy, Chen Mo feels that he doesn't have to stay here.

Sun Guangmao saw Chen Mo to leave, and quickly followed Chen Mo's walking outside the meeting room.

"The poor silk is the poor silk, and the day of being exposed in the morning and evening!"

Zhang Ze saw that Chen Mo was ready to leave a very disdainful smile.

"Stepping!"

However, when this Chen Mo is going to go to the door of the conference room, a rush of footsteps.

In the next second, the gate of the conference room was pushed open.

Li Juncheng walked into the meeting room!

When Zhang Ze saw Li Jincheng, the whole person was in the original place, and the smile on his face was instantly stunned.