Chapter 141: Don't talk nonsense, directly

"My acting is good?"

Sun Huao couldn't help but immediately after hearing Zhang Ze, and then asked very unexpectedly: "What is this sentence?"

"Yeah, Zhang Ze, what are you talking about?"

Su Mu Bai felt that Zhang Ze did not get himself so, so I wanted to stand up and mess, and quickly got up the sound.

"Mu Bai, are you too big? Do you not think this person is really planning to invest in your company?"

Zhang Ze looked at Su Chengbai's brids.

"What do you mean by this, what can I do?"

Sun Huamu couldn't help but snort.

"What do you come to do? Do you not know your own heart? You just played with Chen Mai!" Zhang Ze leaned his finger whispered.

"acting?"

Su Mu Bai heard the sentence of Zhang Ze, and the beauty of the beauty flashed, she didn't understand what Zhang Ze did to do.

"Don't you understand what is going on now?"

Zhang Zezhu shouted and then continued: "This person is not the deputy general of the Tingsheng Investment Co., Ltd., the Dingsheng Investment Company is in the Jiangnan Province, but the number of large investment groups, how can people like people? Look at your small company like this? And now what happens now, you should be very clear, do you think Dingsheng Investment Co., Ltd. will give you investment? And it is 80 million, this is some it is ridiculous?"

After listening to this sentence of Zhang Ze, all of them were in the original place, and the eyes flashed in the eyes.

Chen Miman is helplessly looked at Zhang Ze. He did not think that Zhang Ze is now able to fantastic so many things in order to get Su Mu Bai.

"Mu Bai, I have just said that there is no reason. You should be very clear. I think this Sun Guangmao is not a person who is also a Dingsheng Investment Co., Ltd., he is an actor who came over from Chen Mo, come and help Chen Mai play!"

Zhang Ze saw Su Mu Bai and others did not speak loudly.

Su Mu Bai, at this time, the eyes were obviously hesitant, because she felt that Zhang Ze said that these words were still very reasonable. First, Chen Mo can know the people of the Dingsheng Group, this is already very suspicious, followed by Su Mu The company's situation is still very understanding, don't say that the large-scale investment company of the Dingsheng Group is, even some investment companies with Su Mu Bai relations, now refuse to invest Su Mu Bai.

But at this time, Sun Guangmao has to invest 80 million to Su Mu Bai directly. This is really incredible.

"Yes, this person is a liar!"

"I really didn't think, Chen Mo actually found a liar, this kind of person is too bad ..."

"Chen Mo, you can't find investors, even if you still find an actor to come over, what do you mean?" Su Tuyu seems to believe in these words that Zhang Ze said, and quickly quickly When I came to Chen Mo, I was shouted in Chen Mo.

"How do you know that Sun Guangmao is a liar?"

Chen Mo looked down at Su Tuyu, and he was very calm and asked in Su Yucu.

"How can this poor silk can know such a powerful investor, you must find an actor to lie to us!" Su Tuyu glared at the big eyes of Water Wang, completely annihilated the Xingshi.

Chen Mo hesitated, turned his head to Sun Guangmao, he felt that Sun Guangmao should have a way to prove his identity.

Sun Huao hesitated, then he said that Zhang Ze said: "If I don't remember the wrong, should you be the son of Zhang Yunshan, Nanyang City?"

"Ha ha……"

Zhang Ze didn't smile, then faintly said: "Hey, didn't see it, your actor is quite dedicated, even what people know, but what can I know? You know my identity to prove Are you a person in the Dingsheng Investment Co., Ltd? "

"Your father Zhang Yunshan has just talked about a financing project with our Dingsheng Group. Although the amount is not big, I now give it to those words you just told me, I decided to cancel the investment of you Zhangjia. ! "

Sun Huabo said that he was very calm and said.

"Oh, I didn't expect you to play very like. We did have some cooperation with the Dingsheng Group in the past few days, but it is a big project of billions. Don't say that you are a fake deputy, even if you are true. The deputy general, you have no right to cancel the cooperation of our Zhangjia and Dingsheng Group! "

Zhang Ze came back to a sentence.

"..."

Sun Guangmao looked at Zhang Ze helplessly shake his head, then he said that he did not show: "I have seen your dad, you can now give your dad to make a call ..."

"Hey, are you still tempered?"

Zhang Ze looked at Sun Guangmao and then took his mobile phone directly to call his dad to confirm that Sun Guangmao is a liar.

"Zhang Shao, I think you don't have to call your father!"

At this time, a middle-aged man slowly said.

"why?"

Zhang Shao looked at the middle-aged asked.

"I remembered, I have seen the people of the Dingsheng Group in the past few days. At that time, the people who received me were the deputy general of the Dingsheng Group. This person was a fake!"

The middle-aged man said.

After listening to this sentence of middle-aged people, Sun Guangmao couldn't help but stunned.

The company in which the middle-aged person is indeed collaboration with the Dingsheng Group, but Sun Guangmao is on a business trip, so the people who receive middle-aged people should be another deputy general of the Dingsheng Group.

The Dingsheng Group is the largest investment company in Jiangnan. In addition to Li Jun Cheng is the general manager, Chen Mo is the chairman of the chairman. There are four or five depocations in the company, and every matter is also distinguished.

In these few depth, the biggest right is Sun Guangmao.

Everyone has exposed a shock expression after hearing the middle-aged people, and the middle-aged person is a total of a total asset, so he should not lying at this time.

"Chen Mo, what else do you say now?"

Zhang Ze put down his mobile phone cold voice rushed to Chen Mail.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Zhang Ze, and his face was calm, and he didn't speak.

Because he knew that Sun Guangmao is true, really things will not become fake no matter when they arrive.

"Chen Mo, you are too shameless, I have to find an actor to lie to us!"

Su Yuci saw that Chen Mo did not speak, I feel that Chen Mo has been default these things, so the expression is very excited to rush through Chen Mo.

"Sun Guangmao can be fake, but Sun Guangmao's money can't be fake!"

Chen Mili did not feel these problems at all, and there was no expression.

"Oh, Chen Mo, it is already this time, you still put it? Hurry and admit that you are invoking the actors, how do you continue to put it?"

Zhang Ze looked at Chen Mo's disdain.

Su Mu Bai stared at Chen Mo's position. She now doesn't know that Chen Guangmao, who is found in Chen Mo, is not a person of the Dingsheng Group.

"Sun Guangmao, don't talk nonsense with these people, let your company's finance!"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly turned his head and said with Sun Guangmao.

Everyone heard Chen Mo's sentence directly in the original place, Zhang Ze's eyes flashed, because he didn't understand if Sun Guangmao was an actor who came to Chen Mo, why Chen Mao will let Sun Guangmao at this time Do you make money, is this not in the grave?