Chapter 131: Things Original Committee

Su Mu-white company.

After heard the words of Su Yucu, Chen Mo did not understand the expression of his face, because he didn't understand what the company had problems with himself with himself.

If today is not that Su Mu Bai shouted here, Chen Miman did not know that Su Mu Bai actually operated a cosmetics company.

"I have never been here, what is the relationship between this company?"

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu Yu.

"You don't understand it here, I have a problem with the company's company, is sure is because of your reasons, or because of you, Zhang Shao can cancel the investment of my sister company, if Zhang Shao does not cancel the right My sister's investment, how can these shareholders come to trouble? "Su Tu Yuxi said softly.

"Zhang Shao?"

Chen Mail couldn't help but stopped, and then recalled in the mind that was also called the second generation of the Su Mu, whitening last night.

"Su Tuyu, can you say in detail, what is the relationship with me today?" Chen Mo hesitated, and the expression was seriously asked.

Su Yun Yu turned his head and looked at Chen Mo. He said very disdain: "Oh, you are a garbage, I just told you that you can't solve this matter, do you ask so much?"

"Su Mug Bai is my unmarried wife, she is of course concerned!" Chen Mo said.

"You really do yourself as my sister's unmarried wife? My sister is not because of the fiance of such a waste, she doesn't have to be bullied by these people!" Su Tuyu seems to have some distressed Su Mu Bai And sigh gently.

"What is going on? Can you not talk nonsense?"

Su Yun Yu, so Chen Mo is in a hurry, and the expression is a little excited.

Su Yucu saw that Chen Mo didn't help but stopped, then whispered: "This company is my own cosmetics company, the main product products are also the original cosmetics of our Chinese, the original cosmetics!"

"and then?"

Chen Mo quickly asked.

"When the company was established, I gave me 20 million start-up funds. I thought that this money should be enough, but after the company opened for a year, she found that our Huaxia cosmetics was on the market. Not so popular, because most girls like the big names of foreign countries, keeping the cosmetic attitude towards my sister, this will lead to the sister in just two years. Everything is used, but the company has no improvement, it has been due to the loss of loss! "

Su Yucu said.

"What is your relationship with these words?"

Chen Mo asked in a hurry.

"Oh, what are you in this? I don't have to tell you a little bit? If you don't want to hear me, I don't say it ..." Su Tuyu turned his head, Chen Mo, very impatient shouting.

"Then you said ..."

"I feel that I am a cosmetics company that I can't earn money and I have been losing, so I want me to have a cosmetics, but I have always want to be a brand that belongs to my own cosmetics. It is very unwilling, because This matter they didn't quarrel! "

"Later, I didn't have a way. I agree that I will continue to do this cosmetics, but he will not give me the support of me the economy, and I have a big problem in my meal, even if I want to help. He has no money! "

A one of the Sujiao mouth and slowly said.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Su Yucu did not speak, because he did not understand what the relationship with those people in the conference room.

"Because I lost my unique economic support, I have a fault of the company's economic chain, I have no way, I have a way to find investment from the outside, so I am still good, she puts her hand. The 50 shares bought it, it sold to those people inside the meeting room! "

Su Tuyu turned his head and saw the meeting room and whispered.

"These people are now the shareholders of Su Mu Bai Company?"

Chen Mo said.

"Yes, they are all shareholders!"

Su Yucu gently said, then said helplessly: "I got some money, then I got some money, and then started to continue to promote the company's cosmetics, but there is no way without any improvement, this time The shareholders started to come out to find the trouble of my cousin. They want me to change the business ideas of the company, from making our traditional Huaxia cosmetics to the agent of foreign big cosmetics ... "

"What?" Chen Mail asked.

"I am here to open this company to be a traditional Chinese cosmetics. How can she be willing to do foreign agents? So I can't agree with the idea of ​​shareholders, and shareholders have begun to raise stocks!" Jade said slowly.

"Since those people want to retain stocks, let them retreat ..." Chen Mo said very easy.

"Big Brother, are you idiot? Do you think that shareholders are so simple? If these people are all borrowed, my sister needs to pay a lot of scattering, but my sister now can't get it. This money ... "Su Tu Yu's white Chen Mo, said hello.

"How will this money?"

Chen Miman asked.

"If I can't get this money, then they will go to the court to sue me, the last result is definitely the money, the company has to declare bankruptcy ..."

"So this is ah!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, he now basically understands how it is.

To put it bluntly, Su Mu-white company is not good, leading to the company's loss, these shareholders want to retain stocks, but Su Mu Bai now can't get so much money to give these shareholders.

But let Chen Mo do not understand what is the relationship between Su Mu, the company's business is not good?

Have you involved in her company's business.

"I have understood these, but you just said because I mean? What is the relationship with me?"

Chen Meng asked with Su Jade.

"You still think about it!"

Su Yucu said with a glance, then said with a small mouth: "There is a few days a few days a few days ago to invest in the company's company, and an investment is 30 million. If my sister can get the money, I can propagate a good company. When I arrived at that time, I couldn't get better, and shareholders didn't dare to come out ... "

"Who is this little?"

Chen Mo said and asked.

"This is less, I don't know, but I know that Zhang Leo is white to my sister last night, but my sister said that I already have a fiance, so I rejected him. After being rejected, Zhang Shao directly Rejecting investment in my sister company, and those shareholders know that Zhang Shao does not invest in all, they will come to here! "

Su Tuyu said softly.

Chen Mo listened to it here, it seems that the son who appeared in the bar last night was the investor of Su Mu Bai.

"Now you dare to say this thing doesn't matter with you? If you are not my sister's fiance, Zhang Shao will not die for my sister, maybe you can continue to invest my sister!" Su Tuyu is very disgusting The rushing through Chen Mo.

Chen Mo looks at the position of the meeting room, and the expression on the face is somewhat entangled.

In fact, Su Mu Bai is now facing this problem. In Chen Mo's eyes, it is nothing wrong with it.

But the problem is that Chen Mo is still not allowed to pay with Su Mu, he is afraid to expose his identity.

"In fact, my sister is also, I have a few days ago, I bought her a big chamber worth tens of thousands. If my sister receives this villa, I can help it, then solve her now. But my sister didn't have to have a villa, I really don't know what she thinks! "

Su Tuyu looked at Chen Mai asked.

"Su Mu Bai actually didn't have a villa?"

Chen Mo heard that he couldn't help but exclaimed in his heart, and immediately got up and rushed to the position of the meeting room.

"Chen Mo, what do you do?"

Su Yuci saw that Chen Mia thought he left, and shouted.

Chen Miman did not take care of Su Tuyu, and quickly walked to the meeting room, and reached out the door of the meeting room.

......