Chapter 93: Are you a man?

The hotel's room.

Wen Rui was waking up and found that his clothes were gone, and he still slept in Chen Mo's body. If this situation, Chen Mo said that he didn't do anything last night, there is no one believes.

Wen Ruoyi took the clothes and rushed to the room. At this time, the warmth of Wen Ruo is very wronged. Last night, he did not agree to get rid of Zhang Feng, now in the hands of Chen Mo, she did not expect Chen Mo to actually People with the same thing as Zhang Feng.

"Wen Rui, do you listen to me?"

Chen Mo took out the room after the emperor shouted.

"All is already like this, what else do you want to explain, tell me?"

Wen Ruo stopped and stopped with tears in a pair.

"I didn't do it in two nights. If we don't have anything, if you really happen, why is you just take off the top, the rest of the other clothes is not taken off!"

Chen Mo looked at Wen Rui said.

Wen Ruozhen heard Chen Mo's sentence couldn't help but stunned, and then quickly looked at his bottom, and found that his clothes were really non-destructive.

"... that ... then why are we sleeping in a bed last night? Isn't it two rooms?"

Wen Ruo's commeminated.

"Big sister, what happened last night, did you remember?" Chen Mimi was very helpless.

"I ... I ... it seems that I don't remember!"

Wen Rui suddenly felt some of his head, and he could only remember that she opened a room with Chen Moai at the end of last night. I didn't remember other things.

"It seems that you really don't remember!"

Chen Mer sighed, then reached out to the opposite room said: "You see it clear, this is my room, last night, you ran to my room, that is your room!"

Wen Rui heard this, quickly saw Chen Mo's room, and found that Chen Mo did not lie, it is indeed a room that I ran to Chen Mo.

If Chen Mo is trying to do something to himself, it should be that Chen Mo runs to Wen Rui's room!

"That ... what happened to date last night? Why would we live together?" Wen Ruo said. He asked Chen Mail.

"Don't you come back now?"

Chen Mo felt that the hotel's corridor was too much. He couldn't say something that happened last night.

"..."

Wen Ruoyu hesitated for two seconds in place, and the turned head came into the room.

After entering the room, Chen Mo directly put the door.

And Wen Ruo is sitting on the bed, saying softly: "Can you say it now?"

Chen Mo's simple organized a language in his heart, and then originally whispers that the things that happened last night were originally said.

After hearing Chen Mo's words, the pretty blush is like a water peach, and asked in Baba: "Chen Mo, you ... do you say these true?"

"What do I lie to you?"

Chen Mai returned to a sentence, then continued: "Yesterday, you just have been medicated by Zhang Feng, so it will be so crazy, but I didn't do anything to you, I just tied you in the quilt, later Because it is too tired, I also fell asleep, then I have this scene you see in the morning! "

"..."

Wen Ruo is sitting in bed, the expression on his face is very embarrassed.

Last night, I am clear that people Chen Mili is a gentleman, but she is still misunderstood Chen Mo, and Wen Ruo is very embarrassed.

"Chen Mo, sorry, I should not be so mistaken!"

Wen Ruoyi such as fine lines.

"It doesn't matter, you can recall the matter last night, I think you should be able to think of it!" Chen Mo said.

"I ... I can remember that I will come to your room to apologize, but later, I really can't think of it!" Wen Ruo said red and said.

"If you can't do it, you will be!"

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo smiled and then continued: "Time is not early, my school has lessons, I will go first!"

"Great!"

Wen Ruozhen heard this time.

Chen Mo turned directly to the outside of the room.

After Chen Mo leaving, Wen Ruo was directly squatted on the bed, a pretty face is red to a point where it cannot be described.

"Wen Rui, Wen Ruo, what do you do? How can you make such a thing? It is really ashamed, ashamed ..."

Wen Ruozhao took the pillow on the bed and took force to put it two times and vented his mood in his heart.

Who can think of it, always looks very cold Wen Ruo, there is such a small woman.

But when Wen Ruo is playing two times, she seems to have suddenly think of what, stopping the movements, staring at Water Wang's big eyes: "Yes, you are dead, Chen Mo, Chen Mo, the old lady is this late last night. It's, you just put me in the quilt. Are you still a man? Isn't my charm? "

"amount……"

Chen Mo just returned to the room just heard the words of Wen Rui, the expression on his face was extremely embarrassed.

"Wen Rui, I am also a bit amazed last night, but I am afraid if we really have something to do, you will report that I am raped, so I only put you in the quilt!" Chen Mo looked at the bed. Wen Rui whispered explained a sentence.

Wen Rui heard this suddenly looked at Chen Mo after his body, and pretty face seems to be shameful again.

"You ... when did you come in? Why did you come in?"

Wen Ruo is very excited.

"My mobile phone forgets, I just came to take a mobile phone!"

Chen Mo said this, pick up the mobile phone he placed on the bedside table, and then rushed to Wen Ruo: 'What, you continue, I really gone this time! "

"you……"

Wen Ruo looked at Chen Mo, I don't know what I should say.

"Chen Mo, you wait for me, I will go out with you!"

Wen Rui hesitated, I feel that I have nothing to do here, so it is better to leave with Chen Mer directly.

"OK then……"

Chen Mo, who just walked to the door, heard this, stopped the foot.

Wen Ruo gathered his own clothes and then walked outside the hotel with Chen Mo.

Perhaps because of the things last night, maybe because Wen Ruo said, the atmosphere became very embarrassed when the two walked.

"Wen Rui, in fact, when I last night, I was really a bit!"

Chen Mo is relieved, and Chen said that he said with Wen Ruo.

"I ... I just joked, you ... don't be true!" Wen Rui quickly explained.

"Ah, I am not really ..."

Chen Mo smiled and then continued: "Yes, how do you plan to deal with the Zhang Feng?"

"Of course, I told him. He made a kind of thing for me, I will never let this person!"

Wen Rui now as long as I think of this style, I'm an anger, if Chen Mo appeared in time, now I have fallen into the palm of Zhang Feng.

"Yes, this kind of person can't let go!"

Chen Mo nodded, Zhang Wang just said, suddenly found a familiar figure appeared in his sight.

"Su Tuyu?"

Chen Mer couldn't help but exclaimed in his heart.

He didn't think that he was here to see Su Mu-Bai's cousin, Su Mu-Bai's cousin, Su Yucu, what kind of nature of the child is very understanding. If Su Tuyu is coming out from the Wen Ruo, it will come out from the hotel. Misunderstanding, there will be this matter will also tell Su Mu Bai.

Therefore, Chen Mo turned to the hotel, but it was already too late, because Su Tuyu has discovered Chen Mo.

"Chen Mo, you stand!"

Su Yuchen shouted with the big eyes of Water Wang Wang.