Chapter 19: Tu Hao is by your side!

"Little jade, you don't have to be polite, is this kid not bullying you?"

The tension expression is very excited to rush to the girl.

"..."

After girls hesitated, they shook their heads gently.

She felt that she was inevitably unlucky today. If I let a smashing, I have a smile, I don't have a joke, and even if Chen Mo is apologizing to myself. I can't do anything, so girls don't want to say it.

"Does he really bullied you?"

Zhang Li saw that the girl couldn't help but asked.

"No, let's go!"

The girl watched Chen Mo very disgused, and then turned around and walked away.

"Kid, you wait for me to see how I pack you!"

Zhang Li rushed to Chen Mail, and then turned and he left with a girl.

After Chen Mo saw Zhang Li and others, I reached out to take out my mobile phone to Du Tianhao to make a call, let Du Tianhao taught tension, but later think about it or didn't play this phone.

Chen Mo feels that he is now not necessary to waste time in this person.

After a while, Chen Mo returned to the classroom.

At this time, it is just a rest time. The students in the class are sitting on the table.

Li Kai, did not come to the class, did not know where to go.

Liu Di and Xu Jiao are sitting on the seat. When they saw Chen Mo, it flashed a different look.

"Liu Luo, you are really chatting with Chen Mo today?"

Xu Jiao hesitated, and rushed to Liu Di.

After Liu Di heard this, he gently bite his red lips. She now doesn't know how to explain what she happens between Chen Mai today.

If Liu Di said that he has already bedded with Chen Mo, Xu Jia will definitely joke himself.

But if Chen Miman is going to open the house, let himself take a dress, did not touch himself, he did nothing to humiliate himself, it seems more shame.

"You still think about how you give me these 20,000 yuan, you don't have to worry!"

Liu Di hesitated, and he lowered his words.

Maybe because Chen Mo's day before, please take a meal, so students in the class have also changed some changes to Chen Mo's views, and even some classmates took the initiative to greessing Chen Mile.

You must know that such a thing has never been there. In addition to Meng Liang, Liu Rui Zhao An'an, the rest of the students see Chen Mo is like a joke, I feel that I will talk about Mo's words.

Chen Mo returned to his desk and found that Meng Liang Liu Rui and others were chatting with students inside the class.

"Hey, have you seen it yesterday? The seafood live broadcast platform seems to have a new might experience ..." A guys showing glasses shouting.

"I didn't see live broadcast yesterday, but I seem to see news, say that the might is called to come with the wind, and I have rewarded more than 100,000 in the live broadcast of the female anchor. It is too much money ... Liu Rui smiled back to a sentence.

"I heard that the might is as if it is because of the Wei Gongzi with Nanyang, so I will reward more than one million!" Meng Liang said softly.

"Oh, the Nanyang Wei Gongzi has rewarded more than 100,000 in a female aquench, and then took the initiative to shout, but it didn't expect people to be more than 100 million, and the Nanyang Wei Gong did not speak! "

"Yeah, when can I encounter a lot of money!" There is a good phase in the class, the body is not a live broadcast, but she has no popularity, but she doesn't have to say that the Lotus is rewarded. .

"I estimate that you should be able to do more people don't wear clothes live."

Liu Rui said with his teeth.

"Go away!"

The girl has a disgust.

Chen Mo listened to the words of everyone, found that they were in the same way they were in Wen Rui live.

These people may not know that the Tu Hao in the mouth is sitting around them.

"Jingle Bell!"

After a few minutes, the class bells rang, and the students have found their own seats.

All the two lessons in the afternoon are mathematics lessons. Chen Mo is not very interested in mathematics. Things, I will sleep directly on the table.

This is a little surprised to let Liu Rui and Meng Liang have a little surprised. After all, Chen Mo has been very hard in the eyes of their two, but at this time, it is still going to sleep.

The reason why Chen Mo is so hard, he is hoping that he can get a scholarship, but the scholarship inside the school is given to those students who have the relationship. Whether Chen Mo's efforts, they can't get it.

But now Chen Miman does not care about that money, so don't have to listen carefully every lesson.

A blink of an eye, the two classes were over.

Students have left the classroom to prepare to go to the school's canteen to eat.

"Chen Mo, my mother just gave me a living fee today. I invite you to eat?" Liu Rui knew that Chen Mo's money was spent, so I was very good to invite Chen Mo.

"No, I am going home to eat!"

Chen Mo hesitated, and whispered.

"Don't you eat?"

Liu Rui heard Chen Mo's words flashed, after all, if this kind of thing, Chen Mo will definitely agreed to agreed, but when Chen Mo actively refused.

"Well, I am still not very hungry now ..."

Chen Mo said faint.

"..."

Liu Rui looked at Chen Mo and then said softly: "That line, have the opportunity to ask you!"

"Waiting for the opportunity, please ask you to eat!"

Chen Merlot gently patted Liu Rui's shoulder and then turned directly to the outside of the classroom.

Liu Rui and Meng Liang looked at Chen Mo's back, and the expression on his face was very unexpected.

"Brightzi, have you feel that Chen Mo now seems to be a little different from before ..." Liu Rui lowered.

"felt it……"

Mengliang nodded lightly.

"According to reason, he is a million yuan. When you ask everyone to eat, you should have it?" Liu Rui frowned.

"Yeah, I don't know what Chen Mo is in the end!"

Meng Liang said very unexpectedly.

"For, Chen Mo's things are unclear, may be stimulated by Gao Feifei, waiting for a while, let's eat two!"

Liu Rui returned to a sentence, then turned around to go outside the classroom.

......