Chapter 79: Be careful, I am welcome to you!

Chen Mer sat in the Mercedes-Benz to look at Zhang Feng in front of Wen Ruo, and his heart is very clear, at this time, Zhang Feng is definitely a confession with Wen.

After all, Wen Rui has misunderstood that Wei Xiaole actively gave him to give him this matter. It is Zhang Feng to help her, and Wen Ruo is will definitely very grateful.

At this time, Chen Mo's heart seems to be blocked by something. It is very uncomfortable, because these things are clearly made by Chen Mo, the account of the past is Chen Mo, helping Wen Ruo, is also Chen Mo, But Wen Ruo is not thinking that these things are doing, and Chen Mo is also seen as a kind of afraid of a diplomatic.

This feeling is really uncomfortable.

"Chen Gongzi, what happened?"

Wang Yaoyao seems to see that Chen Mo's face is not too strong, and it is rushing to Chen Mail.

"Nothing ..."

Chen Mer shook his head.

He remembered that Wen Ruo has treated his attitude in these days, and there is a little cold with the words he say to him, so Chen Mail swears, no matter what happens in Wen Ruo, you will not take it.

Anyway, he is only a common friend relationship between him, even if Wen Ruo is lie, it is not impact on himself.

However, when Wang Yao is going to drive through the mall, Chen Mo still can't help but call a parking.

Wang Yaoyao stepped on the brakes, then turned to see Chen Mile, and asked Chen Mo, "Chen Gongzi, what do you have?"

"Well, I will deal with something, come back soon!"

Chen Mo's low returned to a sentence, and then directly pushed the door to the position of Wen Ruo Zhang.

Wang Yaoyao hesitated, and immediately stepped on the pace of Chen Mo.

......

In front of the mall.

Zhang Feng handed a rose on the ground, and Wen Ruo was shocked to look at Zhang Feng, because Wen Ruo did not think that Zhang Feng actually made it on himself.

It is a confession at the entrance of the community, which is already the third table of Zhang Feng.

"If you are, I really like you, I swear that I will be good to you in this life, I beg you, don't refuse me, give me a chance?"

Zhang Feng shouted his expression and shouted in Wen Ruo in front of him.

In the eyes of Wen Ruo, it took a trace of entanglement, because she is now not sure that she likes to be Zhangfeng, nor does it know that she should not promise himself.

Wen Rui has a good sense of Zhang Feng. She is determined. After all, Zhang Feng helped her in her live broadcast. Later, Wei Xiaole's thing was also solved. Wen Ruo is naturally very grateful, but she I don't know if this grate is love, is it like it!

"Ruo, I know that you are very hesitant now, you think that we have a short time, it's not enough to know each other, but I really like you, can you give me a chance, we can talk one side? Love, you know each other! "

It can be seen that Zhang Feng is still very full of preparations, and after seeing Wen Ruo, he will continue to hesitate.

"Zhang Feng, I ..."

Wen Rui hesitated, don't know how he should respond to Zhang Feng.

"Promise him!"

"Promise him!"

At this time, I suddenly ran out in front of the square, several youth took the lead shout.

The people around them are all brought together, and they have shouted together, and the atmosphere will be lively.

Wen Ruo seems to be infected with such an atmosphere, so she is ready to promise Zhang Feng, first try to communicate with Zhang Feng for a while, understand each other.

"Zhang Feng, I answer ..."

Wen Rui hesitated, wanted to promise Zhang Feng, but her last word did not say exports, I saw a figure to rush to her, and then grabbed the rose in the hand.

After everyone saw this figure, everyone was in the original place, and the expression on Zhang Feng face on the ground was also very convinced.

Wen Ruo's conscious look at the person in front of him, then shouted: "Chen Mo, how are you here?"

Yes, people who grab the Zhang Feng rose are Chen Mo.

"You can't be with this person!"

Chen Sile did not express his expression.

"Chen Mo, what are you doing? Zhang Feng is with me, not with you, I promised to have anything to do with you?" After Wen Ruo, the emotions were excited, and Chen Mo shouted.

"I don't care about it, but you can't take this person, he is a liar!"

Chen Mo said.

"No, brothers, what do you mean?"

Zhang Feng slowly slowed down, and challenged Chen Mail.

"..."

Chen Mimo went to see Zhang Feng, did not speak, reached out and wanted to leave this place.

"Chen Mo, what are you doing? You will release me soon, we have no relationships, I don't talk to Zhang Feng, it is not what you said ..."

Wen Ruo is crazy struggling, and the expression is very excited to rush through Chen Mail.

Chen Mo saw Wen Ruo's reaction so fierce, hesitated, slowly released Wen Ruo's hand.

"You must not be with this person!"

Chen Mo looked at Wen Rui said.

"Brothers, what do you mean? If you don't have anything to do with me with me? Isn't you come over?"

Originally Zhang Feng thought that he was about to have a hand, but did not expect Chen Mo who suddenly rushed out, it was very angry with it, but because of this time, Wen Ruo is still in the scene, so Zhang Feng did not perform too obvious.

"Do you have a problem with your person? What is the relationship with you?"

"Yeah, what are you going out? Hurry up!"

"This is the young man's temper. This is to change it into me, it is a mouth, everyone shows you, do something!"

The onlookers also stood up and accused Chen Mo.

"Is this people not a boy with garbage from Nanyang University? What is this odor?"

At this time, a student at Nanyang University recognized Chen Mo and shouted very disdain.

"Yeah, he is the boy in our school, he must see that his goddess is uncomfortable in the heart of people, so they stand out to mess!"

"It's so ridiculous, nor does it look at what weighing, this woman is so beautiful, so you can still look at him, it's really !"

"This person is really funny. It will not be a problem with the brain? People do not agree to this handsome guy, it is impossible to be with him!"

"It's really shameful for our school, how do our schools come out one such a wonderful!"

"I heard that he was smashed by my girlfriend a few days ago, it may be a problem!"

Several Nanyang University students have recognized Chen Mo, and the beginning of the expression is disdainful.

Other onlookers, they shouted Chen Mo quickly rolled away!

In an instant, it seems that everyone is very disgusted with Chen Mo.

"Have you heard it? You are best now, I don't think about you in the face of the face, or be careful, I am welcome to you!"

Zhang Feng pied over to Chen Mo's nose threatened.