Chapter 43: Gao proud Wei Jiaqi

"Feng Zixu, is you really true?"

"Yeah, the past is really a student of our big three?"

"Yeah, why don't I know when Nanyang University does this have such a rich second generation?"

The students in the class have heard that after the news about the past, there have been unexplored expressions. They feel that even the rich second-generation should not be able to take it out for so much money?

And still to reward a anchor.

"You don't know, this past is very terrible, it is not our best to be imagined." Feng Zixu smiled.

"Yeah, can get a few million rich second generation definitely not any ordinary person!" Meng Liang smiled.

"These millions of numbers who may not be thinking about us, people are just a month of pocket money, people spend money, nothing, want to play with that female anchor, etc. It is the final chance of change, anyway, the past, these four words have become the golden word sign over the seafood platform, as long as he will say a word, then there will be a lot of female anchors to take the initiative to send the door. "Feng Zixu looked at the people to continue.

"Oh, if people go to the wind, if you can see me, how good it is, I will have no worries in my life!" At this time, a girl inside the class couldn't help but sigh.

At this time, Chen Mo's face is very ugly. After all, if it is really like Feng Zixu, then the fake person will not only fake the Wen, but may also start with other female anchors.

Feng Zixu, you know, don't know what the past is called with the wind? "

Chen Mo hesitated, and he asked Feng Zixu without expression.

"What is the name of the specific name, how? Last time, please have no money after you have finished eating? I also want to make the people who are in the wind, you are right, but people only like girls, don't like boys ..."

Feng Zi Xu smiled and asked Chen Mail.

"Hahahaha!"

Everyone heard Feng Zixu, she started laughing.

Although Chen Mo took a big dinner after the Ming Sheng Hotel, let everyone changed a little bit of opinion, but no matter what, Chen Mo is still a poor silk, this is not. A meal can be changed.

After heard Feng Zixu, he flashed in his eyes, he was originally intended to ask about the name of the person's person from Feng Zaoxu, and then let Du Tianhao investigate.

In this case, Chen Mo can find his account back. Wen Ruo and other female anchors don't have to be cheated, but Feng Zixu does not know the name of the other party. If only the other party is the three students of Nanyang University A message, I want to find the other party, I am more difficult than the day.

The students inside the class began to discuss the topic of the past, but they also had some unrelated classes. There was no information on the identity of the hammer.

Everyone naturally did not discover that the expression on Chen Mo's face is not right.

When I was rewarded by Wen Ruoyi, I didn't think that there would be a hairdressing thing. After all, the account is not particularly important in the eyes of Chen Mo.

But after he heard Feng Zixu, Chen Mo was realized the seriousness of the problem. Maybe the hacking is not going to go to Wen Ruo, and it is likely that there will be a lot of innocent girls.

Inside the seafood platform, although some girls doing live in order to hobbily hobbies, it is actually in order to make money.

The past, this account is in the eyes of these female anchors. As long as the hammer can take the initiative to contact them, they will definitely do not have any requests for the club.

"I didn't expect an account to be able to provoke so much trouble!"

Chen Mer sat in the same place, helplessness, sighed, and the heart was on how to solve this.

"Jingle Bell……"

At this time, the class ringtone was ringing.

The students who were surrounded by Meng Liang and others have also returned to their seats, waiting for class.

For Meng Liang, it seems that Chen Mo's face is somewhat is not right. I can't help but ask: "Chen Mo, how is your face so ugly? Is it just a joke, your heart is not good?"

"No ..."

Chen Mer shook his head and did not explain what to explain with Meng Liang.

After all, even if Chen Mo and Meng Liang said that he was worried about what he was worried. Meng Liang should not believe it.

After a while, the teacher went into the classroom to start class.

When I was studying my account last night, Chen Mo has been studying how to find his account. So sleep, and add this lesson to be mathematics lessons, so it is inevitable to be a lot of sleep. After listening to it, he still squatted. The table was sleeping on the table.

When Chen Mo opened his eyes again, it was already time in the afternoon.

"Chen Mo, don't sleep, let's go outside the school to drink, Wei Jiaqi is waiting outside outside the school!" Meng Liang stretched into the hand and pushed Chen Mo, whispered.

"Great……"

Chen Miman was confused and opened his eyes and then followed Meng Liang Liu Rui and walked outside the classroom.

"Chen Mo, today, let's go to the bar, drink it, you ask you, don't tell you, then I will pretend to be generous after seeing people, I don't have money to give you? You will make Jinhua ... "

Meng Liang took Chen Mo to the school, while loudly rushed to Chen Mo.

"I see!"

Chen Mo got a little bit of Meng Liang, and did not say much.

"As long as Chen Mima is expressing today, I estimate that you still have the roommate of Jiaqi still there is no problem. After all, the roommates of Jiaqi are not the students of Nanyang University. They are not very understanding for you ... "Liu Rui looked at Chen Mai continued.

"Liu Rui, what are you talking about this?"

Meng Liang heard Liu Rui's sentence as if it was a little less than happy.

"I ... I didn't say anything ..."

Liu Rui's expression has a little awkward.

"Even if you know if Chen Mo's situation, how can it be? Chen Mo does not have any other questions, and it is poor. Chen Mo is not possible to take a lot!" Meng Liang looked at Liu Rui.

"I just talk about it just now, what are you exciting?"

Liu Rui seems to feel some excessive words, so quickly explain.

"You still say this later, Chen Mo is two friends, if you think about him like him, what will other people think?" Meng Liang said that he said seriously.

"Xiangzi, nothing, just Liu Rui is a joke with me, I don't go to my heart at all ..."

Chen Mo listened to Meng Liang and Liu Rui said, it is more touched in the heart, but he also knows that Liu Rui is also very good for himself, just now there is nothing malicious.

"Right, I just opened a joke, Chen Mo didn't mind!"

Liu Rui also said.

Meng Liang looked at Chen Mo Liu Rui and did not say much, and continued to go outside the school.

After a few minutes, Chen Mo three came out of the school gate.

Meng Liang! "

I saw a girl wearing a white dress after seeing Meng Liang, then smiled and shouted.

Chen Mo looked up to the girl's position, knowing that this girl is Meng Liang has been pursuing Wei Jiaqi, and there are two unclear that Chen Mo is not very clear.

Wei Jiaqi's long-term phase should only be considered, but it is very good to dress himself, and the clothes jewelry is all famous, so it is still beautiful.

Wei Jiaqi and Meng Liang are high school students. Wei Jiaqi is now at school in Nanyang Music Institute. When there is no lesson, we will run to Nanyang University to find Meng Liang, so I have seen several times with Chen Mo.

Chen Mo's impression of Wei Jiaqi is not very good, because Chen Mo knows that Wei Jiaqi will take the initiative to find Meng Liang when there is no money at the end of the month, and when there is money, it is impossible to take the initiative to find Meng Liang.

To put it bluntly, Chen Mo felt that Wei Jiaqi was just a spare tire.

Chen Mo and Liu Rui can see this, but Meng Liang can not see clearly, Chen Mo is also embarrassed with Liu Rui, so I can only close one. I only have an eye.

"Jiaqi, are you coming?"

Meng Liang saw that Wei Jiaqi was very happy to return.

"Yeah, how can you come out today, I am waiting for you for more than an hour ..." Wei Jiaqi took a small mouth.

"I just ran over the get out of class!" Meng Liang worried that Wei Jiaqi was angry and quickly explained.

"That line, look at your class, I will not be able to pay with you!"

Wei Jiaqi faintly returned, then continued: "Let's go to the bar, my friends should have already arrived, don't let them wait too long ..."

"Great!"

Meng Liang nodded, then moved directly to the bar near the school.

But after two steps, Wei Jiaqi suddenly turned his head to Chen Mo's position, and the expression was very disgusting: "Meng Liang, how can I follow us? You hurry to let him go, let me go. What should I do with roommates? I don't want my roommate to know that I know a broken poor egg! "

Meng Liang heard that Wei Jiaqi's sentence was directly awkward, and the expression on his face became very embarrassed.