Chapter 52: Do you know the past?

After listening to Wen Ruo's scream, Chen Mo directly rushed to the corridor, and found that Wen Ruo's room door was open. After hesitating, Chen Mo took the steps into Wen Rui's room.

But after seeing the scene inside the room, Chen Mo directly stunned.

Because Chen Mile found that Zhang Feng wants to come to Wen Ruo, a tyrant hard bow, but five or six strong people are inexplicably rushed into Wen Ruo's room.

"What are you doing? What do you want to do with my family?"

When Wen Ruoyi, the expression on his face was still calm, and he shouted with the strong man in the big eyes.

"You are Wen Rui is right?"

The first step in the top of the strong man, I got the warmth of Wen Ruo, and asked the expression.

"Yes, I am Wen Ruo!"

Wen Ruo looked at the strong man nodded.

"Oh, then we will find it to people!"

Strong people smile, then go straight to the position of Wen Ruo, and walked directly.

Wen Ruo is completely retracted for two steps at this time, then hiding behind him.

Zhang Feng has now been scared by these strong and honest, but in order to hold the beautiful people, he still bite his teeth in front of the strong man, whispered in the strong man: "Who are you?" What do you want to do if you want to do it? "

"What is your mother? I am looking for Wen Ruo, do you have a relationship with you? I advise you still don't worry about it here, otherwise I interrupt your legs?" Zhuanghan very disdainful Zhang Feng threatened.

"You ... you hurry to get out, or I will call now!"

Zhang Feng junction and shouting.

"Snapped!"

After listening to Zhang Feng, he heard his hand, it was a slap in the face of Zhang Feng, and then smashed the beads: "What is your mother counts? I dare to threaten the child ... "

Zhang Feng was directly fanned by the slap in the strong man, and he was lying on the ground.

And Chen Mo standing at the door did not only have a distressed Zhang Feng after seeing this scene. On the contrary, there is still some feeling, although these people should not be a good person, but Zhang Feng is not a good thing in Chen Mo's eyes.

"Zhang Feng, are you okay?"

Wen Ruo saw that Zhang Feng was slapped by the strong man, and the expression was excited to come to Zhang Feng, and the beautiful eyes flashed the tears.

After listening to Wen Rui, I finally knew the real name of the youth, Zhang Feng.

"If you are, I am fine ..."

Zhang Feng reached out and wiped the blood on his face, then struggled to stand up, shouted in the strong man: "You dare to play me, you know who I don't know who I am? I will definitely let you regret it ... "

"Oh, who are you?"

Strong Han smiled and asked himself.

"I am in the wind, you dare to hit me, you are waiting for me, who is ***** today, don't want to go!"

Zhang Feng shouted, then took out his mobile phone to prepare to call people.

After hearing the fourth word of the past, I screamed, and I called the younger brother around myself: "Do you know the past with the wind?"

"do not know……"

"do not know……"

The younger brother shook his head.

And Zhang Feng was completely speechless after seeing this reaction. In fact, he nowhere to save the soldiers. After all, Zhang Feng is not a real past, and he is talking about his own identity at this time. It is nothing to scare. They have scared them.

But where said Zhang Feng thinks that these people don't know who the past is in the wind!

"Tiger brother, I think it is, I have a local time in Wen Rui live in Wen Rui, and I often do it with Wei Shao. The name of the local history seems to be the wind!"

At this time, a Huang Haoying finally remembered the past, and quickly went to the side of the Han Tiger, the small voice said.

After hearing his own brother, I couldn't help but smile. Then I walked directly to Zhang Feng, and said softly. Zhang Feng said: "It turns out that your kid is all the person who is right with Wei Shao. ? "

"Wei Shao?"

Wen Ruo looked at the tiger's beautiful surprised, she reacted at this time, the original group of people came from the Nanyang Wei Gongzi.

"Yes, you know my identity now? I advise you to roll me out now, otherwise I will let you regret it!" Silly Zhang Feng thought that the Tiger said he would know his identity. The heart is awesome, and the expression is very arrogant.

"Oh, do you make me regret?"

The tiger brother came to a smile, then he said: "The front a few days, Wei Shao also let us investigate your identity, I didn't expect that you will send it to the door today, then you have a piece of packing!"

"..."

After hearing this sentence, Zhang Feng was in a moment of stupid.

He didn't think that the other party did not be afraid after knowing his identity, not only not afraid, Zhang Feng found that the past seems to be like these people.

Zhang Feng now has a lot of intestines. If he knows that he can not scare the tiger brother, but will not be more angry, then he said that he does not admit that he is the past!

And Chen Mo looked at Zhang Feng at the door, and the face was inexplicably embarrassed. The heart is secretly sighing this style. It is really stupid to the extreme. I took the initiative to tell my death to the head of Wei Gongzi, this is not the wind, this is not Do you find it?

"Brothers, play me!"

At this time, the tiger suddenly shouted.

"!"

Four five young people directly wrapped in front of Zhang Feng, then lifted his legs and played the top of Zhang Feng's head.

Wen Rui's ability to stop these people, but she is a weak woman, can't stop these strongmen, and they are directly pushed to the ground.

" !"

Everyone started from Zhang Feng, I went to the Zhang Feng face.

Zhang Feng may not think that he has stolen this identity of the past, there is no beauty, and he will fight for a poison.

"You all have a hand! Are you not going to come? Don't hit my friend ..."

Wen Ruo loudly rushed on several young people around him.

But helplessness seems to have not heard the words of Wen Rui, continue to beat Zhang Feng.

And Zhang Feng is very miserable, and his heart is very trying to admit that he is not a matter of wind. The account is stolen, but the helpless is not to talk about Zhang Ge. The one foot is on the face of the face.

Later, Zhang Feng had been full of blood, and it didn't even talk.

Chen Mai stands in the position of Wen Ruo, and he has been fighting against the wind, but there is no meaning of saving.

And Wen Ruo seems to pay attention to Chen Mo on the side, and quickly rushed to Chen Sile: "Chen Mo, what do you stand there? Going to help!"

"help?"

Chen Mo listened to Wen Ruo's words couldn't help but smile.