Chapter 47: Starting from friends?

The day does not fall in the bar.

Li Kai took Gao Feifei Liu Luo Jia and others walked into the bar, and then found a minimum consumption of more than 2,000 sofa card sitting.

"Kaagon, how do I see the kid of the opposite side?"

At this time, Li Kai said Zhang Fung n't pay attention to Chen Mo, not far away.

"Isn't that Chen Mo? How did he come here?"

Xu Jiao also saw Chen Mo who chatted with Mingmei at this time, and the beauty flashed.

"Oh, I didn't expect Chen Mo's poor boy to have money to play here, and open still as the same sofa card, recently, how is Chen Mo? It is like suddenly changed a person ..." Zhang Stroke with his mouth.

After Zhang Meng's sentence was heard by Li Kai, Li Kai's heart was very uncomfortable.

After all, I have opened a minimum consumption of two thousand sofa clauses. Li Kai felt that he had been very faceful, but he did not expect Chen Mo to open the sofa card. Let Li Kai feel that there is no face.

At this time, Gao Feifei looked at Mingmei, which was talking to Chen Mo, Mingmei wearing dress and long-distance temperament, all rushing Gaffefei, this also make Gigfifei is very uncomfortable. .

I just finished with Chen Mo, in a few days, Chen Mo actually ran to the bar to find a girl who was more beautiful than himself, this scene completely ignited Gaffield's heart.

"Chen Mo should be dating with that girl!"

At this time, Liu Di suddenly said.

"Liu Luo, can you don't joking? Who is Chen Mo? Who is our entire Nanyang University who doesn't know? In addition to Fifi, which girl will date with Chen Mo?" Xu Jiao full I have returned, it seems that I have been forgotten by Mo Mo, I will forget her from Wushu's hand.

And Liu Di looked at Chen Mo's position, hesitated, did not speak.

After all, Liu Luo opened in the hotel, Liu Di did not say to others, and after the experience, Liu Lu is clearly able to feel that Chen Mo is definitely not as simple as they understand.

"The girls in Nanyang University will definitely not with Chen Mermail, but the girl opposite the face is not Nanyang University?"

At this time, Li Kai suddenly slowly said.

Everyone heard Li Kai's sentence, all stunned, and then instantly responded.

"This Chen Mo is definitely because the female girl does not know his business, so it is pretending to be rich in the second generation!" Zhang Meng served.

"Ha ha……"

Li Kai couldn't help but smile. In fact, he has been looking for a chance to retaliate Chen Mo, but has never found a chance.

Now the opportunity is finally here, how can Li Kai will let Chen Mo?

"Kay, don't need me to expose Chen Mo's true face now?" Zhang Meng somewhat excitedly rushed to Li Kai.

"Don't worry, let's wait, I want to have a slap in Chen Mima, I am so awkward, so I mean!" Li Kai is sinister smile.

And everyone did not speak, and understood the meaning of Li Kai.

the other side.

After Chen Mo, Mingmei has been in short contact, Mingmei discovered that Chen Mo's character is still very nice, and the length can be.

The main thing is that Mingmei feels that Chen Mo is like a tongue of other boys. This also makes Mingmei feel that Chen Mo is very reliable, so the impression of Chen Mo will naturally add a few points in the heart.

Although Mingmei is impossible to chat with Chen Mo, you will like Chen Mo, but at least her heart does not conflict with Chen Mer's contact.

When two people chatted, the Mingmei's face has always hanged a touch of smile.

Chen Mima is the same as the impression of Mingmei this girl, but he doesn't know if Mingmei knows that he is a poor light egg. It will use this attitude to talk to himself.

Liu Rui Mengliang saw Chen Ming Ming's beauty and the two people were still good, and they were very happy in the heart.

But Wei Jiaqi is not happy.

Wei Jiaqi did not expect Mingmei at this time, did not show the dislike of Chen Mo, and he hesitated himself to return to the true identity of Chen Mo.

Although Wei Jiaqi does not want someone to know that he has friends like Chen Mo, but she can't bear to look at my best friend by Chen Mo's poor silk.

"Mingmei, I heard that you have never been a boyfriend right?" At this time, Meng Liang suddenly smiled and asked in Mingmei.

Mingmei heard the words of Meng Liang, I couldn't help but stunned, then whispered: "Well, I have never encountered right, so I have never been in love ..."

"You must have a lot of people to chase!"

Meng Liang smiled and laughed, and then looked at Mingmei to continue: "What, Chen Mo is my best buddy, my character is still very clear, he has just broken up with her former girlfriend with her. Otherwise, do you tried to try it? "

"Meng Liang, what do you say? Mingmei with Chen Mo is the first day of understanding, two people are not very understanding, do you let them do two?"

Wei Jiaqi heard the sentence of Meng Liang, very unhappy shouting.

Meng Liang turned his head to the position of Wei Jiaqi, and the eyes were flashing, because he did not think that Wei Jiaqi will take the station at this time.

"I also think that I have just met Chen Mo, I can start starting with my friends ..."

Mingmei hesitated, whispered.

"Yeah, two today is the first time, or started from friends!"

Meng Liang smiled and laughed, and then reached out to Chen Mimi, whispered: "Chen Mo, what do you still do? Let's add the Mingmei WeChat, then you have no trouble, you will contact more contact. ...... "

Mingmei listened to Meng Liang, there seems to be the idea of ​​adding Chen Mo We letter, and the action is elegant to take out his own mobile phone from his own brand-name bag, and open WeChat.

Chen Mo looked at Mingmei, hesitated, the instinct it took out his mobile phone.

In fact, Chen Mo's impression of Mo's girl is still very good. After all, Mingmei is much better than the body look, even more than the previous Gaffield, although it is not comparable to a woman who is a goddess of Su Mu, However, people Su Mu Bai seem to be not interested in Chen Mo, Chen Mo did not hang the idea on a tree, so I took out the mobile phone to add Mingmei WeChat.

Chen Mo prepared to add Mingmei WeChat, telling yourself directly, telling yourself, and tries to a Mingmei response.

If Mingmei is still not to abandon Chen Mo, Chen Mo does not mind trying to get along with Mingmei.

But if Mingmei is directly turned to face, then Chen Mo will not waste time on such a woman.

"Hey, I thought this is who? Is this not Chen Mo?"

However, when I was in Chen Mai, I had to add Mingmei WeChat, a girl suddenly came to Chen Mo's, yin and yang strangely shouted.