Chapter 80: Like a fool!

"Are you welcome to me?"

If Chen Mo listened to Zhang Feng, I couldn't help but sneer. He didn't welcome Zhang Feng, Zhang Feng actually won't welcome himself.

Originally Chen Mo is intended to carry the warmth of the trend, after all, Wen Ruo is only a innocent victim in the eyes of Chen Mo, there is no need to let Wen Ruo will continue to accept the damage.

But he did not think that Zhang Feng was so anxious. Now it is white with Wen Ruo, if you really wait until Chen Mo's investigation office information, it is estimated that Wen Ruo is already cheating with him to open a room, at that time, everything It's too late.

Therefore, Chen Merlim went out the phone and prepared to take out the phone to Du Tianhao, let Du Tiandao deal with this style.

"Chen Mo, you will leave here, my things don't have any relationship with you, I don't want to be with Zhang Feng, not you decide!"

At this time, Wen Rui suddenly rushed to Chen Mo.

Chen Mo listened to this, looked up and looked at Wen Ruo.

"Kid, if you are not going, my mom is really welcome, I will tell you!"

Zhang Feng saw that Chen Mo did not seem to leave, biting his teeth, biting Chen Mo's shouting.

"Da da da……"

Chen Mo has not spoken, I only see that I suddenly remembered a high-heeled shot, Wang Yaoyao went to Chen Mai, and then pointed to Zhang Fengjun: "Hey, how do you talk to Chen Gongzi? ? "

"Chen Gongzi, what is he countless? Isn't it a garbage? I was also smashed by my girlfriend a few days ago, and the person who snatched his girlfriend was also in front of the students. Let him buy contraception. Set, this thing we didn't know about the students of Nanyang University? This kind of person also spreads Chen Gongzi? "

Zhang Feng expressive very disdainted.

Before he investigated Chen Mo's news, he thought that Chen Shi was his own competitor, but he did not expect Chen Mo to be such a color, so he would be relieved.

"Hahaha ..."

The onlookers heard the words of Zhang Feng, and after laughing, he saw Chen Mo's eyes as disgusting.

At this time, Chen Mo did not have any difference in a fool in the eyes of everyone.

When Wen Ruo, the expression on his face was a bit ugly. She did not think that Zhang Feng actually said such a while in the face of so many people.

Although Wen Rui didn't know why Chen Mo must stop himself from being with Zhang Feng, but she felt that Chen Mo is also her friend, there is no need to say so hard.

Wang Yaoyao saw Zhang Feng, after Chen Mo, the instinct, immediately raised his own little hand, directly rushed to Zhang Feng's face.

"Snapped!"

A crisp!

All the people present were all stunned, and those who were still laughing immediately closed their mouths.

No one thought that Wang Yaoyao's woman was so hegemony, directly fanned a slap in a slap.

After the short shock, Zhang Feng shouted in Wang Yaoyao after a short shock: "You ... do you dare to hit me?"

"What happened to me?"

Wang Yaoyao was very clear about Chen Mo's identity. But even the famous Du Tianhao, the famous Du Tiandao, who was in Nanyang City, at this time, she is qi Chen Mo, so there is no scruple.

"What is this? How can you play people casually?"

Wen Ruo saw that Zhang Feng was hit, it was not happy to instantly, and the previous step is excited to shout Wang Yaoyao.

"This person is owed to be, I am hitting him, can you take me?"

Wang Yaoyao said that he domineering.

"You ... you are just unreasonable!"

Wen Ruoyi's pretty face is red, shouting, then turning around Zhang Feng: "Zhang Feng, do you have anything?"

"No ... okay!"

Zhang Feng bite his teeth and low.

At this time, Wen Rui is still present, Zhang Feng must maintain his gentleman's image, so don't work with Wang Yaoyao.

If Wen Ruo is not here, Zhang Feng may still have a hand.

Wen Rui heard Zhang Feng, he was directly twisted directly to Chen Mo, then shouted: "Chen Mo, I beg you, don't you have a good time here, don't you follow you? There is no relationship, I admit that I really made you as my friend, but I didn't think you were this kind of person. Maybe you think that Zhang Feng is not very good, I can understand, but no matter what, I am In the eyes, he also has to be a small face with a woman who is covered by a woman, so don't worry, I don't know you! "

"I am a small white face that is hurt by a woman?"

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo, and Chen Mo was abnormal.

"Do you still plan to be sophisticated? Just now this woman does not help you?"

Wen Rui turned his eyes and then continued: "This woman is older, but it is still quite good, you can take this kind of woman's bag!"

Everyone looked at Chen Mo Yao Yao, and the expression on his face was very incredible.

If it is not because of Wen Rui, they did not think that Chen Mo is a small white face that is raised by Wang Yao.

"The waste of Nanyang University is actually hurt!"

"Yeah, this is too incredible? There will be someone to help him!"

"And still a beautiful woman, what is Chen Mo got to the end?"

Everyone looked at Wang Yao Yao began a whispering.

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo, and the expression on his face became unusually crashed, because he did not think that Wen Ruo is so misunderstanding.

"Wen Rui actually felt that Wang Yaoyao was packed me? When did Wang Yao?" "

Chen Mai sighed in his heart, then he wanted to explain with Wen Ruo.

"Wen Rui, I think you ..."

"Chen Mo, you don't have to explain these things with me, I don't want to listen to me, I also hope that you don't worry about me!"

Wen Rui coldly interrupted Chen Mo's words, and then turned his head and said: "Zhang Feng, let's go!"

"If you are, are you willing to be my girlfriend?"

Zhang Feng asked in Wen Ruo.

"..."

Wen Ruo bite his red lips hesitated for two seconds, whispered: "Zhang Feng, I am willing to be your girlfriend!"

After listening to Wen Ruo, I was directly in the original place, and my face was abnormal.

He feels that everything you do now is really the same as a fool. If you don't have to stop the Wen Ruo, Wen Rui may also refuse Zhang Feng.

But at this time, Wen Ruo is really agreed to Zhang Feng because of the gap.

And Zhang Feng saw Wen Ruozhen, he promised himself, turned his head, rushed to Chen Mo, and then took Wen Ruo to go far away.