Chapter 37: The account is stolen?

"It's still, I have a class tomorrow, and the things that buy a house are not very anxious!"

Just in Wang Yao Yao's heart, I really took Chen Miman to the home, how should I seduce Chen Mo, Chen Mo suddenly opened his thoughts in Wang Yao.

Wang Yaoyao heard the sentence of Chen Mo, I used it directly, and I flashed a different look in my beautiful.

"Chen Gongzi, you ... do you really can't see it?"

Wang Yao Yao thoughtfully rushed to Chen Mail.

"No, there is something else, first!"

Chen Mo fell back, and then turned directly to walk in the distance.

After all, Chen Mo did not need to buy a house, so he felt that there is no need to pass now, as for those things that Wang Yaoyao thought, Chen Mo has not been noticeable.

Wang Yaoyao saw Chen Mia to go, and quickly reached out Chen Mo, then said with Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi, today's things are really sorry, I should not tell you those words to you before ..."

"Nothing, what you said, I didn't go to my heart at all!"

Chen Mimo met with Wang Yaoyao, faint.

"Then I should also apologize, really too sorry!"

One side of Wang Yaoyao speaking, he was deeply bowed in Chen Mo, and the gully between the chest double peaks directly exposed to Chen Mo's sight.

When Chen Mo saw that deep gully, I couldn't help but stop, and Wang Yao Yao happened to see Chen Mo's expression, and the heart came with a drama, and the deliberate body touched, I want to pounce into Chen Mo's arms.

However, Wang Yao Yao did not expect that when Chen Mo didn't turn around at this time, Chen Mo didn't turn around.

Wang Yaoyao lost the center, and after framing, the whole person fell on the ground.

I just hide Wang Yao Yao's heard the voice looked back at Wang Yaoyao, and then asked softly: "Do you have anything?"

"No ... Nothing, I just didn't stand firm ..."

Wang Yaoyao shook his head, and then extended his jade hand seems to have to let Chen Mo pose her.

However, Chen Miman did not pay attention to this movement of Wang Yaoyao. After Wang Yaoyao has nothing to do, continue to go in front.

And Wang Yaoyao sat on the ground, his face was abnormally collapsed.

She wanted to understand that a beautiful girl who had a delicate drip of Chen Mo's madness has been hintted. How can Chen Mo will have a point?

"Is this Chen Mo still a man?"

Wang Yaoyao shouted in the ground.

And the Lin Xi in the sales office also saw this scene. When she raised the woman who wants to become Chen Mo, Chen Mo directly refused the Lin Xi.

This makes the Lin Xi feel that it may be the qualifications that he has become Chen Mo's erotic woman. After all, Chen Mo is a super rich second generation, and the beauty of the side must have a lot, she can't see the ordinary girls like her, is also very normal.

But Lin Xi million did not think that the most sexy Wang Yaoyao, the most sexy Wang Yaoyao, who was in Chen Mo, will also lose hands.

Coupled with the things that Chen Mo did, let Lin Xinsheng have a very curious, her curious Chen Mo is so people, and it is so calm, and it can be so calm.

......

On the other hand, Chen Mo has stopped a taxi directly after leaving the sales office.

This afternoon, Chen Mo took the face with Su Mu, and then tossed in the sales office for a long time, so it was almost 9 o'clock in the evening.

After returning home, Chen Mo's simple washed, then alone lies in bed and played a mobile phone.

At this time, it is 9 o'clock, it is just a live broadcast of Wen Ruo, and Chen Mermathe I inertia has opened the seafood live broadcast platform.

After entering the live broadcast platform, Chen Mo's 80% anchor is actually behind the name of the room, "Welcome Shandata!" These words! "

Obviously, the wind in these people is Chen Mo, because Chen Mo's net name is called the past!

At the beginning, Chen Milo brushed a few million gifts with the past. This also made the anchor of the entire live broadcast platform knows Chen Mo's mighty to exist, so they still want Chen Mo to go to their room. Inside consumption.

And now there is a large number of people who follow Chen Mo's waters in the live broadcast platform. These people are basically Chen Mo's room in which the room will follow Chen Mo's room. This kind is the popularity of the anchor, there is still a very big impact. of.

Chen Mo is not very interested in other anchors, so habitually opens the live broadcast between Wen Rui.

Today's Wen Ruoyu is also very characterful. It is concentrating on singing. They are very high.

However, after entering the live broadcast of Wen Ruo, Chen Mo found a very strange thing, that is, there is no Shuiyou to say hello today.

To know, once Chen Mo will appear in the live broadcast of Wen Rui, then the waters will be crazy, and Wen Ruo will take the initiative to welcome Chen Mo, but today Chen Mo finds yourself. Is transparent, no one has noticed his existence.

But Chen Mo didn't think too much. After all, there is no water friend to talk to himself. Chen Mo is eating, and even some female anchor is nude, what kind of people who look like.

Since the last time, Chen Mo has brushed millions of gifts in Wen Rui's live broadcast, Chen Mo will come over almost every night to brush a gift, improve the popularity, but the amount is not very large, and most is more than 20,000.

After all, if Mo Millions of thousands of brushes every day, it is a bit too scary.

Today, Chen Mo also prepared to brush a few gifts in Wen Ruo, but when Chen Mo clicked on the gift, the strange thing happened.

When Chen Mo hits the gift, the system page actually jumped to the login page.

"My account is gone by me?"

Chen Mo looked at the login page, then the instinct made all his account passwords all, click on the login again.

But the system is prompted that Chen Mo's code is incorrect.

"No, my password has always been my birthday, how can I get wrong?"

Chen Mer couldn't help but frown.

He has always had a habit, that is, no matter what account, all of them are a password, so that he is not easy to remember, and Chen Mo is not worthy of money, so I never worry about others. This kind of thing.

A few minutes later.

Chen Mai has entered several passwords, but the results are the same, all passwords are incorrect, need Chen Mile to provide mobile phone number change password!

However, when Chen Mo was registered with this account, it was just a registration. I didn't think of this mobile phone at all, which means that Chen Mo is now there is no way to find their own account.

After tossing for a long time, the system still prompts Chen Mo's miscible, Chen Mo directly gave up the password, but a new account from the new, the name is the past.

Anyway, there is no money above the account, and Chen Mo is not very distressed.

The newly registered account Chen Mo is completely binding the mobile phone to prevent such things happen again.

After all, Chen Mo opened the live broadcast between Wen Ruo, and the instinct would want to brush a few gifts, but just a banner at this time.

"The past sent five aircraft in the live broadcast of Wen Rui, speed to watch!"

When Chen Mo saw this banner, it was directly in the original place.

The Wen Ruo's live broadcast room has also begun to boil, and it has begun to play the four words of the past!

Chen Merlian was busy opening the personal information of that account, surprised to find that this account is that Chen Mo has just logged in the account!

This is to explain that there is another person to log in to Chen Mo's account fake Chen Mo!

"I am actually hacking?"

Chen Mo looked at the mobile phone and sighed.

He wants to understand that there is no money in his account, why do you have a hairdress?