Chapter 45: Self-known

"It's broken. What is it broken?"

Wei Jiaqi's roommate Lele heard the words of Wei Jiaqi, asked very much.

"No ... Nothing ... Today's plan canceled, let's go back to the bedroom!" Wei Jiaqi was also not light, and his mouth returned.

"What? Plan to cancel?"

The opposite girl heard the words after hearing, then continue: "Jia Qi, are you joking with me? I have just opened the card with the second beauty, and I also put the wine. If you are now, if you come now, who is going to pay? "

"You have already put the wine?" Wei Jiaqi asked.

"Yes, isn't you let us some? You said that you will come over a rich second generation, your pursuit, if we first come, just bleel something, then the rich second generation came to buy ..." Lele I said helpless tone.

Wei Jiaqi said that Meng Liang was how good to her in front of her roommate, but she had said such a thing before, but she didn't think that Meng Liang had lost her temper because of Chen Mo, so she wanted Meng Liang to pay. Things are empty.

"How much do you have some money?" Wei Jiaqi asked.

"There is not much money, the minimum consumption of the sofa area is 2,000, and we have a 2,000 drinks!" Lele said slowly.

Wei Jiaqi heard this later, he thought again. She originally thought that if her roommate point is not a lot, she has bought a single one, but she didn't think of her roommate actually spent two thousand. many.

She now can take up to seven or eight hundred dollars now, not enough to pay at all.

"Jiaqi, you won't you play two?" Lele saw that Wei Jiaqi didn't talk softly.

"I have two do you do, I will take people in a while, and you are waiting!"

Wei Jiaqi lost his words and then hanged the phone directly.

After hanging up the phone, Wei Jiaqi directly turned his head to the position of Chen Mo Mengliang and others, and his eyes were tangled, but it was still turned to Meng Liang and other people.

At this time, her two roommates are still in the bar. If they don't bring people now, how to face their roommates, so even if Wei Jiaqi is very disappointing Chen Mo, she can only choose Chen Mo's wine now. this matter.

"Jiaqi, why are you back?"

Meng Liang saw that Wei Jiaqi came back, and the expression asked slightly.

"I agree to bring this Chen Mo to the bar, let's go!"

Wei Jiaqi said very reluctantly.

Meng Liang heard the sentence of Wei Jiaqi, and said with a smile after the reaction: "Jia Qi, I know that you are most good!"

"I am looking at him in your friend, I agree to bring him, or I don't want to go to the bar to go with this person ..."

Wei Jiaqi got up and down, Chen Mo, said with a small mouth.

Meng Liang thought that Wei Jiaqi turned back to the heart, and he was very happy to say Chen Mo Liu Rui: "Great, Liu Rui Chen Mo will go to the bar!"

Meng Liang did not understand what Wei Jiaqi mean, but it does not mean that Liu Rui Chen Mo did not understand. They clear that Wei Jiaqi is absolutely not suddenly turning into such a simple thing, so Liu Rui directly looks at Wei Jiaqi said: "You don't let Chen Mo Go, Chen Mo will not go, you now let Chen Mo go, we have to go with you, do you think who you are? "

"Liu Rui, what do you mean by this?" Wei Jiaqi shouted with Liu Rui.

"I can pass with Chen Mai, but I have a request!" Liu Rui slowly said.

"any request?"

Wei Jiaqi frowned asked.

"Today, you will ask us three, if you don't ask guests, we will not go!" Liu Rui looked out that Wei Jiaqi suddenly turned around because it was lacking money to pay, so he was prepared to use this opportunity to teach Wei Jiaqi.

Wei Jiaqi after hearing Liu Rui, I suddenly stopped, and the expression on my face seems to be a bit embarrassed.

"Liu Rui, you are a bit too much, Jia Qi is a girl, where is she come, please drink? And a few people go out, and have not let people spend money!" Meng Liang felt Wei Jiaqi Agree to bring Chen Mo's past already gave a face, Liu Rui now let Wei Jiaqi please visit the guest, it is a little difficult.

"Do you want to be invited? Let's go out every time, we have two spending money. Wei Jiaqi has not spent a penny. What happened to her spend some money this time?"

Liu Rui is very paralyzed back.

Due to Meng Liang's relationship, Liu Rui did not ask them two to eat. After all, Liu Rui's family conditions were also, and Meng Liang has been pursuing Wei Jiaqi, Liu Rui felt money for her brother. It should also be.

But after this happened today, Liu Rui is very uncomfortable.

"Liu Rui, how do you have a big man?"

Wei Jiaqi is a little inconsistent with Liu Rui.

"I am not a jalthy, you want to let me go back, isn't that I have to come out? You said that Chen Mo said so hard, now I will make you invoiced? If you have no money, please Yes, you apologize to you before you said with Chen Mo, this matter is over! "

Liu Rui today seems to be iron, I want to spend this account with Wei Jiaqi, so I said very strongly.

"Liu Rui, you ..."

Wei Jiaqi looked at Liu Rui and his face was very helpless.

Let her apologize to Chen Mo, Wei Jiaqi will definitely can't do it, but if she lets her, she has no money.

So, Wei Jiaqi is actually said by Liu Rui, I don't know how it should be good.

"Today, I invite everyone to drink, and Wei Jiaqi should not deliberately talk to what I said. Otherwise, I still want it!"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly said.

Wei Jiaqi heard the position of Chen Mo after hearing this, the expression was very incredible. She didn't think that Chen Mo would speak to himself at this time.

But in fact, Chen Mo just just wast it here, he wanted to drink alcohol with Meng Liang soon, then go home to see the situation on Wen Ruo.

Liu Rui heard that Chen Mo said so, it is impossible to continue to be a difficult Wei Jiaqi, can only go to the bar's position to walk.

But Meng Liang is very grateful to Chen Mo did not meet Wei Jiaqi. After all, if you continue to say this, Meng Liang stood very difficult to stand in the middle.

After a few minutes, everyone came to the day near Nanyang University.

The day does not fall in Nanyang University, it is still very big, the opening time is not long, the renovation inside is very new, so the students like to come here.

However, when Chen Mo and others were ready to enter the bar, Wei Jiaqi suddenly stopped, and Liu Ruomang did not pay attention to Liu Rui Meng, and said directly to Chen Mo: "Chen Mo, I will see my friend, you don't tell them You are smashing, I don't want my friends to know people I also know you, understand what I mean? "

Wei Jiaqi seems to have forgotten that Chen Miman helped her, and said that Chen Mo is very paramutable.

"understood!"

Chen Mo did not mood with Wei Jiaqi nonsense, and faintly returned.

"Yes, don't have any ideas for my friends, my friend is impossible to look at the poor eggs like you, you better have a bit of self-knowledge!" Wei Jiaqi looked at Chen Mai continued.

And Chen Mo heard that Wei Jiaqi couldn't help but stunned, and immediately stopped the footstep. There was no expression: "Wei Jiaqi, if I am not looking at Meng Liang, I can't come over, I can't come to see your friends. And I have not been married now, I am not interested in your friends, so your worries have a bit! "

"Do you have a bad wife? How can you brag? Who will look at your poor egg odor?"

Wei Jiaqi looked at Chen Mile turned over the eyes and said disdain.

Chen Mo did not take care of Wei Jiaqi and walked into the bar.

Because Meng Liang and Liu Rui are the first to enter the bar, so I didn't hear the dialogue between Chen Mi Wei Jiaqi.