Chapter 53: What do you count?

"Chen Mo, no matter how we are still friends? If you ask me, do you ask you? You hurry to help Zhang Feng!"

Wen Ruo's emotionally rushed to Chen Mo.

At this time, in addition to the two people in the room, only Chen Mo is alone or can help it, so Wen Ruo is pinned in Chen Mo's body.

"Can I help? How many people in the other side, I can fight them!"

But Chen Mo said that Wen Ruo is completely desperate.

After all, Zhang Feng has taken Chen Mo's account. In the eyes of Chen Mo, it is not a good person at the eyes of Chen Mo, so Chen Mo feels that he can take a good lesson with the hand of Tiger and others.

Moreover, Chen Mo came over to help Wen Ruo, at this time, Wen Rui did not have an accident, Chen Mo nature does not use anxious to shoot.

Just now, Chen Mo has sent a text message to Du Tianhao. It is estimated that Du Tianhao is now going downstairs. If there is a danger of Wen Ruo, Chen Mer will directly let Du Tianhao come, but before Wen Ruo, Chen Mo must not Will save the wind.

"Chen Mo, you ..."

Wen Ruo's big eyes looked at Chen Mo's position. The expression on his face was very incredible, because Wen Ruoqi did not think that Chen Mo would be this kind of person, couldn't help but shouted: "Chen Mo, since you are not Come over, then what are you doing? Are you coming to watch the lively right? "

"Correct!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then continue: "Is this person not going to follow the wind? Isn't he should be very powerful? I think he should not need my help!"

This sentence is obviously reminding Wen Rui. If Zhang Feng is the past, then Zhang Feng must have a way to solve this matter today, but at this time, Zhang Feng is in this way, and I don't dare to call the soldiers. Come over, the explanation of Zhang Feng is not true in the wind.

However, Wen Ruo is at this time, there is no way to understand Chen Mo's meaning. She feels that Chen Mo is because I like myself, so I will choose cold eye.

"Chen Mo, you are really disappointed, Zhang Feng has been hit by people, you not only don't help, there is still a mood, I didn't expect you to be such a person!"

Wen Ruo looked at Chen Mo and shouted with a very excited tone.

"..."

Chen Mo looked down at Wen Rui did not speak.

"Chen Mo, you don't think I don't know what you want to think of your heart, you don't because I like me, so I can't see it with Zhang Feng, I will tell you, but I tell you, even the man in the world. They are all dead, I will not like you Wen Ruo, you are a coward, a humble coward! "

Wen Rui saw Chen Mo did not speak, he continued to shout loudly.

And Wen Ruo's words seem to have a knife, but the heart of Chen Mo, Chen Mo's eyes flashed, but did not speak, and did not choose to help Zhang Feng.

"Coward, you are a coward!"

Wen Rui saw that Chen Mo was still in touch with you, continued to shout the lungs.

And Chen Mo saw that Wen Ruo is so anxious, and suddenly sprout a different idea in his heart. He is now unclear that it is anxious to speak for Zhang Feng, or for the past.

In order to change, Chen Mo didn't know that the people who really liked were the handsome Zhang Feng or the past in the live broadcast.

"Ok, stop!"

At this time, the tiger suddenly shouted.

And those of Tiger brothers have stopped the movements in their hands after hearing the words of Tiger.

"Zhang Feng, you are fine? How are you?"

Wen Rui quickly ran to Zhang Feng's face, and asked Zhang Feng asked with his tears.

After seeing Wen Ruo, he had a inexplicable emotion in his heart.

"If you are, you don't have to worry, I ... I am fine!"

Zhang Feng reached out and wiped the blood of his face and went back to a weak.

"You are all being made this, how can I not do? I ... I will take you to the hospital now ..." Wen Ruo, who reached out and held Zhang Feng, and then rushed to the room outside the room go with.

"Wait!"

At this time, Tiger said suddenly shouted.

"You have already made this style into this, what do you want to do?"

Wen Ruo looked at the tiger brother in front of him, and the expression was very excited.

"Before you leave, I have a few words to tell you ..."

Tiger brother said that there is no expression of Wen Ruo.

Wen Ruohe took a deep breath, then bite his teeth: "Who are you, what do you want to do?"

"We are the man of Nanyang Wei Mi, today we come over, Wei Gongzi wants me to bring you words, within three days, you have to sign the contract with Wei Gongzi, if you don't have a contract with Wei Gongzi after three days, We will come over to find you. Wait until we come over next time, things are not as simple as it is today, do you understand what I mean? "Tiger brother said no expression.

"..."

Wen Rui looked at the tiger brother in front of him, and the eyes flashed a different look, but did not speak.

"I just said with you, isn't you heard?"

The tiger saw Wen Ruo, and he continued to shout.

"I ... I heard!"

When Wen Ruo, I thought about it was to hurry the time to take Zhang Feng to the hospital. I didn't have a mood here with the tiger.

"Well, since you have heard, then my mission is completed!"

The tiger smiled, and then turned his head to Zhang Feng's position, the cold voice said: "Kid, don't let me see you, or I will see you once, I haven't heard it ..."

Zhang Feng looked at the position of the tiger brother. At this time, his heart has a very collapse. He originally intended to steal Chen Mo's account, and then use this account to cheat a male anchor inside the live broadcast platform, but where did he Can think of yourself that this account will lead to such a big disaster.

"My mother talk to you, have you not heard?"

After the Tiger brother saw Zhang Feng did not speak, he screamed loudly.

"understood..."

Zhang Feng was frightened, and he was busy nodded.

After seeing this style, the tiger saw that he smiled very disdainful, then took his own person to leave.

After a moment, the tiger and others disappeared in Wen Ruo's room.

"Zhang Feng, go, I will take you to the hospital now. Today, this is too sorry. I am tired of you ..." Wen Ruozhen said with anxious.

"I have a small injury, I don't have to go to the hospital!"

Zhang Feng hesitated and whispered.

"No, you are all made into this, how can you not go to the hospital!"

Wen Ruoyu talked to Zhang Feng to the room outside.

However, when Wen Ruo walked to the door, Chen Mer suddenly reached out to stop Wen Ruo, then said that he said: "Go to the hospital, he can go alone, you don't have to follow!"

Wen Rui heard Chen Mo's sentence suddenly looked up with Chen Mo, then the expression was very angry. Chen Mo shouted: "Chen Mo, what do you count? I don't go to the hospital?"