Chapter 149: The thief is not dead

Interior.

Sun Bo's wine bottle was originally going to be on the head of Chen Mo, but Sun Bo has heard the opening of his own hand, then turned his door to the door. position.

"Sun Bo, what are you doing this?"

A non-mainstream dressed Huang Mao Youth is swaying into the room, and the hanging is asked by Sun Bo.

"Viagra, you come over?"

Sun Bo stunned, and then quickly changed a expression and shouted his youth.

"Ah, I just listened to the waiter to say that you came to our bar, so I came to see you ..."

Huang Maoqing was lighter and nodded, and then turned his eyes and asked Chen Mo, and asked his mouth: "What is going on?"

"Viagra, this kid has a point of contradiction with my brother, I am intending to teach him!" Sun Bo is busy explaining a sentence.

"Hey, are you leisure? How many times I said to you, this bar now has my shares, don't worry here, what contradictions don't have it?" Huang Mao Youth is very annoying. Sun Bo shouted.

"Viagra, don't be angry, I just rushed to the things you said ..." Sun Bo seems to be a little nervous.

Huang Mao's young man turned his head and saw Chen Mimei, then said that it didn't touch it: "This kid is a waiter, if you want to pack him, wait for him to go out, how do you pack it? Don't you have to do it!"

"I know, Viagra!" Sun Bo nodded.

"What are you doing here? Not todped with it?"

Huang Mao Youth turned his head in Chen Sile.

Chen Mo lost his youth, did not speak, turned directly to the outside of the private room.

......

After Chen Mo leaving the private room, I took out the phone directly to Du Tianhao's phone. He knew that Sun Bo and others will continue to find their own trouble after get off work, in order to prevent, Chen Mo let Du Tianhao can't fall outside in the day, etc. he.

"Chen Mo, hurry up to help my sister to send this bottle of wine!"

Chen Mo has just hanged the phone, and Li Sisi shouted in Chen Mimo.

"Great!"

Chen Mai helplessly agreed, then ran to Li Sis's side to take the wine rushed to the sofa area next to the dance floor.

A blink of an eye, the time has passed for more than an hour.

The guests inside the bar have finally changed, and Chen Mo also has some rest time, but he just sat down, he saw the yellow hair younger with Sun Bo, and then came out from Li Kai's several people.

Chen Mer suddenly remembered that Huang Haoyu said with Sun Bo, Huang Haoying said that this bar is his, but Chen Mo's remember Lin Qiushui said that this bar is one of her own people!

"Is this person relationship with Lin Qiushui?"

Chen Mer couldn't help but wonder the heart.

"Chen Mo, do you have a rest?"

At this time, it is also a part-time waiter Xiaofang to the side, and I will ask Chen Union.

"Yes, there are not many people now, I will rest for a while!"

Chen Mo looked at Xiao Fang and nodded and then hesitated to point to Huang Mao Youth. He said: "Xiaofang, do you know not to know that person?"

"Do you say Viagra?"

Xiaofang saw a young man, shouted.

"You know him?"

Chen Mo quickly asked.

"Who doesn't know Viagra, I will tell you that this Viao is called Zhou Wei. It is a shareholder of our bar. Zhou Wei is in his back, some people are very bad, often bully our waiters, I last last time Because he was late for half a minute, he directly deducted me a week of salary, and later, Lin gave me to help me, I got this money, and this person still harasss Sister, not something! "

When Xiaofang said, the expression on his face was very disgust, as if it hated this Zhou Wei.

After listening to Xiaofang's words, the expression on the face was even more unfunction, whispered: "I remember that this bar is not a man who is always open? How did this Zhou become shareholder?"

"The bar is a lot of money, but I will open the wine in this place. You must have someone behind you. Otherwise, there will be someone to come over, and there is no way to do business. Zhou Wei is responsible for people who look at our bars, so I have gave Zhou Wei, so I've gave Zhou Wei! "Xiaofang said.

"There is something like this!"

Chen Mo's soft sigh.

"No, although this Zhou Wei is really not a good person, but it is said that he is very powerful, since he comes to our bar, no one is trouble ..." Xiaofang's situation for Zhou Wei is not a special understanding. Therefore, I can only introduce Chen Mo as simple.

"I know!"

Chen Miman nodded.

"Okay, I don't tell you, I am busy!" Xiaofang saw the guests inside the bar, as if they were so much, and they rushed to Chen Mei, and turned to the position of the front desk.

Chen Mo also got up and started busy.

......

On the other hand, Sun Bo Likai and others are located.

Sun Bo went away from Zhou Wei, laughing back into the private room, and the mood seems very good.

"Bogor, who is that person?"

After Li Kai, Sun Bo came back, and he quickly asked Sun Bo.

"You don't even know Viagra?"

Sun Bo said a little surprised.

"do not know……"

Li Kai shook his head lightly.

"Then do you know, don't know Zhou Xuan?"

Sun Bo seems to have a helpless return.

"Bo Ge, what are you talking about, our Xuan Ge in Nanyang City?"

Li Kai's eyes flashed a shock.

"Yes, that is the Zhou Xuan you have heard, Zhou Wei is Zhou Xuan's cousin, now you know what people are Zhou Wei?" Sun Bo said faint.

"This Zhou Wei actually is Zhou Xuan's cousin, no wonder you speak to him, you are so polite!"

Li Kai couldn't help but exclaimed.

And Gaffield people heard Sun Bo with Li Kai's words, the expression on his face was very upset.

"Husband, what kind of people do you say?" Gao Feifei hesitatedly rushed to Li Kai asked.

Zhou Xuan is a very famous big brother in our peace. Basically, as long as it is in the entertainment venue in our peace, it is watching, simply, if there is no consent of Zhou Xuan, like Things such as the bar game hall will not be able to open, even if you don't have a month, you can't use it for a month ... "Li Kai returned to a sentence.

"I didn't expect this Zhou Xuan to be so powerful?"

Gao Feifei slammed his mouth.

"That is nature!"

Li Kai smiled and smiled, and then turned to look at Sun Bo, whispered: "Bo Ge, you can know Zhou Wei Zhou Xuan's people, it is too powerful ..."

"Yeah, Bo Ge is still able to understand such a big figure, it is not too big!"

Gao Feifei responded later, I was busy with Sun Bo.

Sun Bo listened to the two, the expression on the face was proud, after all, Sun Bo was following Zhou Wei, the more powerful of Zhou Wei's identity, the more face it.

"Waiting for the opportunity, I will take you to see Xuan Ge, Xuan Ge is still quite good!" Sun Bo smiled, rushing to Gaffeffi, Likai.

"Bo, have you seen Zhou Xuan?"

Li Kai's eyes flashed in the gods.

"I have a few drinks with Xuan Ge!"

Sun Bo's expression was random, and then looked at Li Kai Gao Feifei said: "You know why Xuan Ge is so powerful in the peace area?"

"do not know……"

Li Kai was busy shaking his head.

"I said to you, Xuan Ge is so powerful, that is because Xuan Ge has given a few years to Du Tianhao, later saved Du Tianhao once, so it became Du Tianhao's heart, and was sent by Du Tianhao to Heping District. The field of managing the peace area! "Sun Bo said mysteriously.

"Du Tianhao?"

Li Kai was once again in the original place after hearing this name, and his face was extremely shocked.

After all, in the eyes of Li Kai and others, Du Tianhao is the legendary big brother, Li Kai listened to countless stories about Du Tianhao, but he never really met this person. He knew that Du Tianhao was really in Nanyang City. The existence of hand covering the sky.

"Right to Bo, how do you plan to deal with it?"

Gaffield didn't have a mood at this time, Sun Bo is here to talk about others, she only cares about Chen Mo's things.

"Since Viao said that you can't do it in the bar, let's wait for this child to get off work, you can rest assured that you will definitely let this kid apologize to you this evening!"

Sun Bo smiled and returned.

After hearing the words of Sun Bo, Li Kai Gao Fifi was flashing in the eyes.

They finally wait until this retaliation Chen Mo's good opportunity!