Chapter 6: Li Kai is lost

The classmate above the class is not concerned about Chen Mo Li Kai, can not check out, anyway, it is not their payment, directly starting to eat big drink.

Gao Feifei sat in Li Kai's side, the expression on his face was equally ugly because she knew that Li Kai's money is not enough to pay today, and even if Chen Mo can pay the money, it is estimated that it has to be spent. Have money.

For a face, spend the money, really worth it?

Thinking of this, Gao Feifei see Chen Mo's eyes seem to be more dismissed.

Because she feels that Chen Mima is not necessary to bring Li Kai's second-generation generation, even if it wins, he can't change him is a truth.

After more than two hours, everyone had almost eaten, and the classmates above the class looked at Chen Mo Li Kai's position, and she was worried that these two people didn't have money to pay!

The beauty manager stepped on the high-heeled shoes and Ting Ting's side of Chen Mo Li Kai, whispered: "Two bosses, you have a total of 123888, you are cash or swipe!"

One hundred twenty thousand!

When everyone heard this number, I couldn't help but suck a cold, and the expression on my face was very incredible. No one thought that this meal would be so expensive.

Li Kai is sluggish, watching the hotel manager's location, a total of 120,000, then half of 60,000 yuan, Li Kai is now not so much in hand!

Just when the people were shocking in the hearts, Chen Mo took a bank card from his own clothes to the beautiful manager, and whispered: "Swipe your card!"

"Ok ... Ok!" The beauty manager seems to have not thought that Chen Mo is so generous, and the 120,000 cost is not blind.

"But I am only responsible for half of the fees, the rest is generally he!"

Just when the beauty manager was just ready to leave, Chen Mo suddenly reached out finger Li Kai's position and faintly said.

At this time, the classmates looked at Chen Mo at this time, and the expression on the face was very shocked. Because they did not think that Chen Mo was so generous, more than 60,000 yuan, even didn't even blink.

Even Li Kai is also full of sweat, sitting in place, do not know what he should do.

"Ok!"

The beauty manager nodded gently, then looked at Li Kai's position, loudly rushed to Li Kai: "This boss, you are cash or swipe!"

Li Kai heard that his head was blank, although he had already known that the money spent today is not a decimal, he just finds his friend to secretly borrow more than 30,000 yuan, but he didn't think this table The rice is directly 120,000!

"You wait for me to fight ... make a call ..."

Li Kaiji returned to Baba and then picked up the phone and started calling.

Before going out, no one thought that people who didn't come out did not come out, but Li Kai.

The beauty manager knows that Li Kai is going to make money, so there is not much to say, and turn it directly to the position of the front desk.

A few minutes later, the beauty manager returned to Chen Mile, and then put the bank card to Chen Mo, whispered: "The boss, your fees have been paid!"

"Great!"

Chen Mo nodded, then moved the steps to go outside the bag, as for Li Kaineng could not pay today's bills, how to pay the bill, that is not Mo's concern.

After Meng Liang, Liu Rui Zhao An'an saw Chen Mo leaving, and he quickly ran out the private room with Chen Mo.

"Chen Mo, you are waiting!"

Meng Liang shouted after leaving the private room.

Chen Mimo hit his head to the position of Mengliang, then smiled and asked: "Yinzi, do you have anything?"

"What, Chen Mo, where are you coming? Is Gao Feifei stimbed you with you?" Meng Liang frowned, and he was very disgraced.

"This is nothing to do with G G Gifei!"

Chen Mo smiled back to a sentence, then continue: "I went in the lottery in the first two days, now I have a little money in my hand!"

Chen Mai did not explain his identity with everyone, so I had to find an excuse.

"It turned out to be like this!" Zhao An'an nodded and said: "But you can't easily have a prize, why don't you buy these money to buy a good dress or use it more What is the meaning? Wasting, you are really not worth having ... "

"I didn't think so much at the time!" Chen Mo smiled.

"No wonder you have money, please come to this place!" Liu Rui shizes.

"Do you have anything? If there is nothing, I will go home first!" Chen Mo was afraid that he would continue to talk to these people, it might say lightly.

"Yes, how much is Chen Mo's WeChat? Let's have a WeChat group, now you are alone, I will add you!" Zhao An An talked out from his clothes while speaking. The latest Apple phone.

"amount……"

Chen Mo listened to Zhao An'an, I couldn't help but say anything helpless: "What, I have no WeChat function, I will change my new mobile phone tomorrow!"

"OK then!"

Zhao An was nodded and did not say much.

Chen Mo turned directly to the outside of the hotel.

Meng Liang looked at Chen Mo's background with Liu Rui, with a wonderful confusion, although Chen Mo's explanation said that he is a lottery ticket, but the two people still feel that now Chen Mo is with the previous Mo's It seems to have changed a person.

......

On the other hand, Li Kai is almost giving all the friends in the private room, but no one can borrow him money.

The hotel manager saw Li Kai without money, it directly allowed the security guard to block the students inside the class. If Li Kai is not checked today, no one can leave here.

"Husband, you can think about it!" Gao Feifei saw that the security guard blocked, and his expression was anxiously rushed to Li Kai.

"I will give my dad to my dad, let my dad give me some money!"

Li Kai said that he returned to a helpless. He didn't think that this matter today would be developed. He is now lost in front of his classmates.

"Then I will go to the toilet!"

Gao Feifei said that this is straight to the outside of the private room.

"I am coming too……"

Liu Lu Xu Jiao seems to be afraid Li Kai to find them to borrow money, so they also shouted, and then walked out of the room.

Three girls entered the bathroom, and Liu Di took out cosmetics to start making makeup against the mirror.

"Fifi, Liu Di, you have two have two people feel that Chen Mo is now like a person! He is alive, please take out more than 60,000 yuan, please eat, it is too incredible!" Xu Jiao one side Sright.

"Take out of 60,000 he is not a garbage? Nothing is that Fifi will smash him, he wants to show it in front of Fifi, there is nothing strange!" Liu Di said very disdainful back. .

"Chen Mo's stinky silk, I was simmed to just follow him. Now I think about it. I really regret it. I will take out my own life expenses, please eat, today, he is generous, but what should I do in the future? I really don't know what this Chen Mima is thinking! "Gao Feifei said with a small mouth.

"It's also, he is swollen here and fatches!" Xu Jiaotang nodded.

"Snapped!"

At this time, a yellow-haired youth has taken directly to Gao Feifei's butt, then smiled and asked: "Beauty, in the past two cups?"

Gaffield is very sexy today, but all people who are normal men will look at it.

After Gao Feifei was hit, it was directly turned to the back hand, and it was a mouth to smoke, and smiled at the waters of Water Wang: "You don't look at what virtue you are. Do you want to ask me to drink you? ? "

Since she is with Li Kai, the temper changes very big, and today Chen Mo is also uncomfortable in the heart of Gigfifei. At this time, someone will take the initiative to find , Gao Feifei is naturally welcome.

The youth was smoked by Gao Feifei and then stunned first, then biting his teeth: "The odor, your mother dares to hit me?"

"what!"

The young words have not been speaking, and they are screaming, then squatting down with trousers.

Gao Feifei just didn't pay attention to youth, lifting his high heel, and he was in the top of youth.

"I will give me a little attention to it, not anyone can provoke!"

Gaffe-Philipphi shouted, then moved directly to the bathroom.

"The smelly silk, I still want to ask our Fifi to drink, as disgusting with the Chen Mo!"

Liu Di looked at the youth disdainful ridicule, and then followed the bathroom.

"Three smells, you are waiting for Laozi!"

Huang Mao Youth squatted on the ground and shouted very painfully.

And Gaffeffi Liu Lui and others did not take this youth's words when they returned to the private room.

After entering the private room, Gaffey found that Li Kai was tapping with his dad, and it was fraudulent to hear Li Kai's father's scold, so the atmosphere inside the private room was abnormally suppressed, and everyone did not dare to speak.

Gao Feifei knew that Li Kai's mood was very bad, so there was no initiative to mention himself in the bathroom.

After almost over an hour, Li Kai's father drove to the hotel.

Li Kai saw his dad and shouted: "Dad, have you come over?"

"Snapped!"

The middle-aged man was a mouth to take a mouth in Li Kai's face, and then smashed the beads: "Billing things, who do you think you are? One meal has eaten a little more than 60,000, you see me How to pack you after home ... "

The classmates in the class looked at Li Kai. The expression on his face was very helpless. After all, they had known Li Kai for so long, and they have never seen Li Kai so wolf.

Li Kai was hit by his father in the face of the whole class, and naturally felt very shameful. He made this everything on Chen Mo's head. If today is not because Chen Mo, Li Kai is like this Awe!