Chapter 140: Your acting is good

"Congress, what is this person?"

After the Su Shi Yu walked into the conference room, the eyes flashed in the eyes, and the twist was shouted and asked so much.

"I do not know either……"

Su Mu Bai shook his head gently.

Because Sun Secretary is mainly responsible for helping Li Juncheng deals with the business of some provinces, it is not often referred to in Nanyang City. Now these people don't know Sun Secretary is also very normal.

"This person will not really invest in your company?" Chen Mo is really found in investors? "

Su Yuchen glanced at the location of Chen Mo, and the expression was confused.

"..."

Su Mu Bai took a breath and did not speak, because she is now uncertain about this middle-aged man who comes from Chen Miles, and it is a company that has the ability to invest Su Mu, which is the company. Really invested, so Su Mu Bai's mood is still very embarrassed.

Chen Mo slowly walked to Su Mu Bai, then said softly: "Don't worry, this person is what I shouted to invest in your company!"

"Chen Mo, this person really will invest in company?"

Su Mu Bai couldn't help but knead when he heard Chen Mo, his expression was confused.

"meeting!"

Chen Mo is very sure to nod, then go to the chair, and the posture is casual sitting on the chair.

"Chen Mo, this person is from where you come? What did he do?"

Zhang Ze's mood is somewhat.

After all, Su Mu Bai immediately would promise himself, but Chen Mo suddenly appeared all of his plans.

What is the most worried thing in his now is that the secretary of this Sun really has money to invest Su Mu, if it is true, then he is now really a bamboo basket.

"Sun secretary, you introduce yourself!"

Chen Mimo said to the Sun secretary, and said calmly.

"Okay, Chen Gong ... Mr. Chen!"

Sun Secretary was very respectful, and then turned his head and said: "I am from the deputy general manager of Dingsheng Investment Co., Ltd., Sun Huamao, which is mainly to talk to the old Cosmetics Co., Ltd.. Investment, our company has recently been very interested in the traditional Chinese cosmetics business, just that your company is also working on traditional Chinese cosmetics of the true juice original ... "

Sun Huao took a simple explanation of his intentions. No matter what, Sun Huao also followed the departers of Li Jincheng for many years, so he did not have to teach, he would know how to cope with such an occasion.

Everyone was shocked by her face after listening to Sun Huamao.

Su Mu Bai feels that this is too incredible. Chen Mo actually found a investor.

And the other party is also the deputy general of the Dingsheng Investment Co., Ltd.

Although Su Mu Bai does not know Sun Huamao, it is said that the three major investment groups will be a large number of large investment groups throughout the Jiangnan province. The strength is very guaranteed.

And Su Yucu looked at Chen Mo's position at Wuxi's big eyes, and couldn't help but doubt it in your heart. How could Chen Mo's poor silk could know such a powerful person?

"This person is really a person of the Dingsheng Group?"

Su Tuyu stood in the distance, with Sun Huamao, and a variety of intakes.

At this time, Su Mu Bai didn't have a way to control his excitement. Looking at Sun Huamao asked: "Mr. Sun, according to what you said, you should have a very good understanding of our Fanghua Cosmetics Co., Ltd. ? "

"of course!"

Sun Huamao nodded gently, then took out his own notebook, he did two times, whispered: "Your company opened for three years, but in the past three years, there is a total of more than 3 million, now if not The way to get out of the financing may be bankrupt within three to five months! "

Before, Sun Huamao conducted a simple understanding of Su Mu, the company, so he basically mastered all the situations of Su Mu Bai Company.

When Su Mu-Bai heard the words of Sun Huamao, the expression on his face was more excited because she knows that since the other party can understand their own company, the description must be investigated in advance, the other party is definitely an investment intention of.

"Since you all know that our company has lost so much money, why do you have to come over? Does your company have money?" Just a middle-aged man slowly said.

"..."

Sun Huamao heard that he couldn't help but smile. He secretly sighed his family's old chief Chen Mo, it would not be a lot of money, just took a one or two billions to invest in a fundamentally not possible to develop a company, so The matter is estimated that only Chen Mo can make it.

Although the heart is so thinking, Sun Huamu will definitely not tell these words, but the explanation of the faceless expression: "Yes, now your company is really a loss, but our company has always been very good at your company. Development prospects, I expect that your company will definitely turn loss in three years! "

"Ha ha……"

Middle-aged people smiled and laughed, did not speak.

"Grand Sun, what do you mean? Is it now to invest in our company?"

Su Mu Bai looked at Sun Huamao asked very excited.

"Of course, I will invest in your company today!"

Sun Huao looked at Su Mu Bai nodded.

"How much do you have to invest in investment?"

Su Mu Bai quickly asked.

"I am now temporarily investing in 80 million, but I need to take me 50% of your company, but I will not interfere with Su Miss's management of your company!"

This number is good before Chen Mo.

"Eight ... 800 million?"

After hearing the sentence of Sun Huamei, Su Mu Bai was directly in the original place, and his face was very incredible.

At the rest of the shareholders at this time, the faces on the face were also very shocked.

Especially Zhang Ze, at this time, he widened his eyes and his mouth was very large.

Previously, Chen Mo can find investment, these people have already felt very incredible, after all in their eyes, Chen Mo is just a poor college student.

How can a poor students find rich investors?

At this time, Chen Mo did not only bring investors to come, and this investor now has to invest eight million!

Even Zhang Ze is only ready to invest 30 million.

"Sun ... Mr. Sun, you seem to have a special understanding of our company, and today you come over, are you really planning to invest so much money in our company?"

I have always been with Su Mu Bai, I can't help but I can't help it, and the expression shouted at Sun Huamu.

Sun Huao heard this later, then turned his position to Chen Mo's position, smiled: "This company is Chen Gongzi, let me help invest, I believe that Chen Gongzi, so I think you should invest your company. no problem!"

"Because Chen Mo is invested in our company?"

Su Mu Bai heard this later, I couldn't help but twist his head and looked at Chen Mo, and it was full of surprise.

At this time, Su Mu Bai remembered that Sun Huamao came over today, it was because Chen Mo's relationship!

Su Mu Bai began to don't help but up and down, Chen Mo, she suddenly thought that Chen Mo did what relations with Sun Huadao. It is reason to say that Chen Mo is the two world people?

But at this time, Sun Huamao seems to be very believed in Chen Mo, and also respects Chen Mo.

When Chen Mai, the expression on his face was very calm, looked at these people, and did not say from the end of the end.

"Hahahaha!"

At this time, Zhang Ze suddenly laughed.

After hearing Zhang Ze's laughter, everyone turned his head and looked at Zhang Ze's position, and his face was a bit.

"Mr. Sun, your acting is quite good? Just now, I have a chement ..."

Zhang Ze said with his eyes.