Chapter 126: I am going home with me this evening!

After grabbing the rose from the hands of the male waiter, Chen Mai ran directly to the position of the 303 private room.

" !"

Chen Merlot pushed the door to 303 rooms.

Zhang Shao, who was sitting on the sofa, saw that Chen Mo took the rose, and was very dissatisfied: "How is your fucking? How is your mother? Didn't use something ..."

After that, Zhang Shao grabbed the rose in Chen Mo's hand, then slowly walked to Su Mu Bai.

"..."

After Chen Mo saw this scene, the heart was more confirmed, Zhang Shanti should be white with Su Mu.

And Su Mu Bai did not see Chen Mo who came in, but put his attention on this little, and asked very much: "Zhang Shao, what do you mean?"

" !"

Zhang Shaowang did not want to kneel directly in front of the Subject.

Chen Mo saw Zhang Shao kneeling down, it was dumbfounded in an instant, because Zhang Shao This is stupid to be a knee!

Zhang Shao's youth seems to have discovered it, even if you are busy, you will remind it: "Zhang Shao, the general confession is a single knee ..."

"Is there a double knee?"

Zhang Shao took a big mouth back.

"What, Zhang Shao, usually on the grave!" Said the youth expression helpless.

"Hey, my mother doesn't have to remind you!"

Zhang Shao's expression was embarrassed, and then quickly adjusted his own posture, looked at Su Mu, said: "Mu Bai, I like you for a long time, do you have my girlfriend?"

Su Mu's white looked at Zhang Shao in front of himself, and his face was very speechless because she didn't think that Zhang Shao actually explained himself.

"Mu Bai, I really like you very much, let me be your boyfriend!"

Zhang Shao saw Su Mu Bai did not talk, and even quickly said.

"Promise him!"

"Promise him!"

The rest of the rooms have begun to follow.

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu Bai's position, and I was inexplicably tense in my heart, because he worried that Su Mu Bai had promised Zhang Shao, then he didn't really become a live king eight?

Although I am just a famous couple, I don't want to be a live king eight!

"Zhang Shao, we have two weeks!"

Su Mu Bai returned to a sentence.

"Yes, you know me two weeks, but I have already like you very early, I will think of you every night, I think I really fall in love with you, please give me Is the opportunity? Let me be your little angel, protect you, care for you ... "Zhang Shao did not know where to come to the soil love, listening to the people got a stencil.

Chen Mai stands at the door is also a collapse of the face, because he thinks that Zhang Shao said, just like a sanitary napkin, protect you, and now go side by side.

"Zhang Shao, I am sorry, I can't promise you!"

Su Mu Bai looked at Zhang Shao and shook his head.

"Why? I love you so much, why can't you promise me?" Zhang Yong shouted very excited.

"Because I think we are not enough to know!" Su Mu Lany said softly.

"I think I have already known you very much, what do you like, what is your hobby? These I know all!" Zhang Shao looked at Su Mu Bang shouted.

"Since you understand this, why don't you know that I already have a fiance? And I still plan to get the certificate tomorrow!"

Su Mu Bai was forced to have no choice but to use Chen Mian as a block.

After heard this sentence in Su Mu, I couldn't help but I couldn't help my heart. Because Su Mu Bai did not promise Zhang Shao's pursuit, and I also told these people who had a fiance.

"You ... have you already have a fiance?" Zhang Shao was directly stunned after hearing this sentence of Su Mu Bai, and his face was extremely shocked.

"Yes, I have no marma, so I can't promise you!"

Su Mu Bai nodded gently.

"..."

Zhang Shao looked at Su Mu Bai, and then quickly said: "Even if you have a fiance, there is no relationship, you can do it with him, then you are with me!"

"Zhang Shao, I have a very good feeling with my fiance. I didn't want to think with him. Thank you, you can like me, but I can't accept you!"

Su Mu Bai took back to a sentence, then picked up his mobile phone to see time, whispered: "Zhang Shao, I have to go back!"

After saying this, Su Mu Bai offered the bag.

"Su Mu Bai, if you don't promise my confession today, you will definitely regret me!"

Zhang Shao saw Su Mu Bai to go, and quickly stared at the beads and shouted in Su Mu.

Sue Mu-Bai heard this, he turned his eyes and looked at Zhang Shao, did not speak, and rushed to the private room.

When Su Mu Bai walked to the door, Chen Mo standing on the side, Su Mu Bai suddenly looked at Chen Mo, did not speak, walked out of the private room.

"Hey, how is this Su Mu Bai still fucking a fiance? Are you not saying that Su Mu Bai has always been single?"

Zhang Shao saw Su Mu Bai really left, the expression was very excited.

"We don't know what is going on. The friends around Su Mu Bai said that she is single. I have never heard of Su Mu. When I have a fiance!" Zhang Shao said that the friend is helpless. .

"Give me check, good to check, I must find Su Mu Bai before tomorrow night, I want him to make him with Su Mu,"

Zhang Shaohong shouted with the bead.

Chen Mo listened to Zhang Shao this sentence, couldn't help but smile, turned and walked out of the private room.

They may not know that in fact, the fiance in Su Mu Bai is a waiter in front of them.

......

I know that Su Mu Bai refuses Zhang Shao, and tomorrow, I have to pay with myself. Chen Mo's mood suddenly changed well, and continued to shuttle in the middle of each package.

A blink of an eye, I have passed more than three hours.

A more than a few hours in the morning.

The guests inside the bar have scattered, and the waiter began to sweep the bar inside and then prepared to get off work.

Chen Mo itself is part-time, so you don't have to stay here to clean your health.

Chen Mer gently stretched a lazy waist, then turned to Li Sis: "Sister, if there is anything, I will go back first?"

"Don't worry, ask you for a while, please eat a night,?"

Li Sisi said very well in Chen Mo.

"Amount, I am not hungry, still count!"

Chen Mo helplessly promised, and immediately walked toward the bar.

However, when I left the bar on Chen Mai, a sexy attractive voice rang behind him.

"Chen Mo, you are waiting!"

Chen Mimei went to see Lin Qiushui after his own body, asked the expression: "Qiu Shujie, what else?"

"Tet this evening, go home with me!"

Lin Qiushu said softly to Chen Mo.

Those waiters who were busy in the bar were listening to Lin Qiu Water, all of them were in the original place, and the expression was extremely surprised.

Lin Qiushi actually takes Chen Mo home?

......