Chapter 7: Tuhao in the live broadcast

Chen Mo did not spend all the money with Gao Feifei, and all the money spent on Gaffefei, so the mobile phone is also a vintage Nokia mobile phone, can only send text messages, no other functions.

Just now, Zhao An'an reminded Chen Mo, so he casually found a mobile phone store after leaving Ming Grand Hotel, bought a new smartphone, and the money to buy mobile phones is not worthy of nine bulls.

At this moment, Chen Mo finally felt that Li Juncheng should all be true with the words you told you.

Although he has not yet used the black card of Huaxia Bank, the five million in his Agricultural Bank card is the price of the goods, and the money to eat in the Minsheng Hotel also has the money to buy mobile phones. Chen Mo is all used. I have the bank card.

Chen Mo felt that all this is too wonderful. He actually turned into a change, and became the heir of the richest, so things would not be rich.

Chen Mo's roof of the new mobile phone will go to the position of the home.

After almost a few hours, Chen Mo returned home, but I still didn't wait to open the door, I saw the beautiful woman next door, I came in the night.

Beauty girl wearing a pink tight sleeveless T-shirt, revealing the double peaks and slender waist limbs in the chest, wearing a black denim shorts, revealing the beautiful legs, exquisite, sketching, The whole person looks very delicate and beautiful.

"So late, are you coming back?"

Chen Mo said a greeting.

"you are?"

The beauty of the winks and waters, and I asked.

"I live in the neighbor of you next door. When you call this morning, you will pay for it to rent money. Are you not impressed?" Chen Mo said quickly.

"Ah, it is you!"

The beauty suddenly realized, then I got up and down, whispered: "Do you have anything?"

"What is that, thank you this morning, or if you pay for it, the landlord doesn't know when, I have money now, I will give you money!" Chen Mo smiled.

"Then you return me!"

The beauty of the beauty seems to be much better than the morning, and the attitude toward Chen Mo is also a lot.

Chen Moi quickly reached out and touched his neck pocket, but he found that the cash in his hand is not enough enough.

"If you don't have money, it's not enough, no, no a lot!"

The beauty said that this is going to walk into the room.

"What is the one, I have no cash in my hand. Otherwise I will add your WeChat, I will turn the money to you, how do you see?" Chen Mo is now not bad for these six hundred dollars, he naturally does not want to have always owed it.

"……OK then!"

The beauty nodded gently and took her mobile phone.

Chen Mo also took out the phone, then opened the WeChat that he had just registered, prepared to add a beautiful WeChat.

But when the beauty saw Chen Mo's mobile phone, I couldn't help it, whispered: "Since you can use such a good mobile phone, why can't you come out of the rent of six hundred dollars?"

"I just had money, so I bought a mobile phone, I didn't have money in my hand!"

Chen Mo smiled and explained.

"Oh!" The beauty nodded and added Chen Mo's WeChat, turned and wanted to enter the room.

"Right, beauty, what is your name?" Chen Mo hesitated and shouted.

"Wen Rui!"

The beauty felt back, and then didn't ask Chen Mo's name to close the door.

Chen Mo said helpless, turned into his room.

After entering the room, Chen Mo's simple wash, then lying in bed and start playing mobile phone.

After all, Chen Mo has not used a smartphone before, so there are many functions are not very familiar. Chen Mo is nearly an hour, and finally study the various functions of WeChat, tie the bank card, and give it again The beauty of the next door turns six hundred dollars.

After the money turned over, Chen Mo's all-time did not receive the first time. Chen Mo had to look at the Wen Ruo's circle of friends.

After a while, Chen Mo was surprised to find that the beauty in the next door is an an an an an anchor.

Chen Mer is nothing, according to the information in the circle of friends, I found Wen Ruo's live room in the live broadcast platform.

Chen Mo is open to the live broadcast, and I found that Wen Ruo is singing, the song is very beautiful, and then the long phase of Wen Ruo is very good, so there is almost seven or eight thousand people in the room.

But because the live content is very flat, in addition to singing is just chatting, there is no exposed content, so popularity will naturally have no way to compare with those major anchors.

"The Wen Ruo in the video seems to have no real life!"

Chen Mo did not hinder whispering, and then wanted to close the live broadcast.

"Thank Nanyang Wei Gongzi sent the rocket!"

At this time, Wen Rui suddenly shouted.

Chen Mail couldn't help but stopped it, and then put his attention again in the phone screen.

A blink of an eye, there is a few rockets on the screen, it should be all the Nanyang Wei Gongzi!

"Thank Nanyang Wei Gongzi sent ten rockets!"

Wen Ruozhen shouted a sentence.

Although I would like to thank you, Chen Mo's hair seems to be so excited like other female annections.

The sakes inside the live broadcast have been fry at this time, after all, a rocket is a thousand dollars, ten rockets can be 10,000 yuan!

It's so generous, indicating that this Nanyang Wei Gongzi is definitely a mighty.

Moreover, Wen Ruo's live popular popularity has arrived for more than 20,000. After all, once there is a native to send a gift, other women can get a red envelope, so the ten rockets just Wei Gongzi helped Wen Ruo to attract a lot of popularity.

"Wei Gongzi is so powerful!"

"Who is Wei Gongzi? This is too rich?"

Similar to such a bucket began to fly in the live broadcast, most people who read live broadcast are ordinary people, they are in the face of such martial arts.

And Chen Mo looked at the phone and couldn't help but smile. He really didn't understand why there would be willing to brush a gift for these children who didn't know it at all, and a brush is a hundred million yuan!

"Beauty, wearing a miniskirt to see you?"

At this time, the phone screen suddenly flew over a golden bar, which was sent by the Wei Gongzi of the brush gift.

And Wen Rui was seeing this latitude, but it would seem to see anything, changed a music to continue singing.

"Nanyang Wei Gongzi, sent ten rockets!"

At this time, the top on the screen lit up prompt again.

"Beauty, wearing a miniskirt, I will brush you again!"

Nanyang Wei Gongzi saw that Wen Ruo did not speak, and brushed ten rockets directly!

The arsuits in the live broadcast are all completely boiling at this time, and they have begun to send the barrage.

The content of the barrage is mostly to make Wen Ruo wearing a short skirt.

And Wen Ruo was seeing the slight frowning, whispered: "Sorry, I am different from other female anchors, I will only sing, if you want to see it, you can go to other live broadcasts!"

After saying this, Wen Ruo continues to sing.

"Oh, is it too little to abandon 10 rockets? What is the twenty? Laozi has not met the anchor of the gift!"

Wei Gongzi sent a barrage.

"I said, if you want to see it, you can go find another anchor!"

Wen Ruo's face shouted.

"How is the anchor? I didn't even gave the face of Wei Gongzi!"

"Yeah, Wei Gongzi, the big might of our platform, she wants to be sinful Wei Gongzi, I still want to mix it!"

"The anchor is still inverting it, or it will be angry for a while!"

The water friends have said.

And Chen Mo looked at the mobile phone, but the expression on his face was a bit surprised, because he did not think that Wen Ruo, this girl didn't like money, facing so many gifts, it can still maintain their own bottom line, this is indeed a bit rare.

Previously, Chen Mo always felt that Wen Ruo was because he didn't want to talk to himself. At this time, Wen Rui is so cold.

"I finally asked you once, it is still not inverted!"

Wei Gongzi's latit will slowly fly.

This time, Wen Ruoyi chooses to ignore Wei Gongzi.

"Hey, it is sold, what is it pure? Do you believe that I don't believe in me now, can make your live broadcast from 20,000 to two hundred!"

Wei Gongzi saw Wen Ruo ignored that he was unusually angry, and it was difficult to listen to it.

And Wen Ruo's eyes flashed a different look, biting the red lips and said: "I am not selling, I have not installed pure, you want to do anything, you!"

"Okay, you will regret it!"

"Brothers, let's change room, I will take you to see another beauty!"

Wei Gongzi sends two bursts, and then exits the live broadcast directly.

After a moment, a platform of the platform flew.

"Nanyang Wei Gongzi sent a triple rocket in the room of the rabbit! Click the text to enter the live broadcast!"

After the Wen Ruo Live, the Shuiyou did not want to go directly to the live broadcast of the bunny.

And Wen Ruo's live popular popularity has become more than 500 times!

Wen Rui saw that the people left, and there was a pair of waters in the big eyes, and it seems very unwilling, but there is not much to say anything, continue to sing.

After a while, the Wen Ruo's live broadcast room only had more than ten people.

Wen Rui looked at the poor number, it seems that there is no way to control your emotions, and the crystal tears are directly connected to the cheeks.

"The past is sent to a aviation carrier in the room in Xiaowei! Click the text to enter the live broadcast room!"

At this time, the live broadcast platform flew over a huge rolling bar.

aircraft carrier!

The arsenions in the live broadcast platform are completely shocked!

You know, a aircraft carrier is worth 20,000, which is equivalent to twenty rocket!

And Wen Ruo looked at the gift in his live broadcast. The expression on his face was very shocked. A pair of big eyes were full!

She can't understand who is so generous, and actually gives them more than 20,000 gifts!