Chapter 63: In the case of Su Mu Bai

Community door.

Wang Yaoyao came out from Mercedes-Benz to the position of Chen Mo.

Wang Yaoyao's dress is very attractive today, wearing a tight t-shirt, putting the beautiful curve out, giving people a feeling of a kind of hitting, slewing between swaying, exciting between swaying Atmospheric, and the lower body is a black miniskirt, the skirt is very short as if it will be able to package the stagnation of the fragrant hips, and the exquisite little feet will step on a pair of high heel sandals.

The original body will sexy Royal sister Wang Yao Yao, after matching this, it seems to have a seduce of mature women.

"Chen Gongzi!"

Wang Yaoyao went to Chen Mo's in the past, and he was very enthusiastic to waved by Chen Mo.

After hearing Wang Yaoyao, I went out of my thoughts, she didn't understand how to shout Chen Mo Chen from the woman who came out from Mercedes-Benz.

Chen Mo looked at Wang Yaoyao helpless smile, twisted and rushed to Wen Ruo: "My friend came to pick me up, I will not tell you!"

"Your friend?"

Wen Rui looked at the sexy stern Wang Yao Yao, and the heart seems to be more unsubalypped.

Wen Ruoyi is also a girl. She can feel Wang Yaoyao whether it is wearing clothes or jewelry, the price should not be cheap, maybe one earrings are enough to buy Chen Mo's clothes, how can Chen Mo's poor kids will know Wang Yaoyao What is a woman?

"Well, my friend!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, and there is no more to say anything, and the position of Wang Yao has left the past.

Wen Ruojing stood in the place where Chen Mo's back was looked at, and it really didn't understand what it was.

Chen Mo went to Wang Yao Yao, and Chen Yaoyao said softly from Wang Yaoyao: "Let's go!"

"Good Chen Gongzi!"

Wang Yaoyao nodded gently, and then turned to the top and bowed, and asked Chen Mail: "Chen Gongzi, is the beautiful woman?"

"No ..."

Chen Mo shook his head directly.

"Oh!"

Wang Yaoyao nodded, and then did the next second actually made a move that Chen Mo Mo Wuli did not think of.

Wang Yaoyao reached his jade arm, and the action was very intimate, and Chen Mo's arm was smashed. The soft double peak was slightly deformed because of Chen Mer's arm extruded.

Chen Mo was shocked by this movement of Wang Yao, and I have forgotten to push Wang Yaoyao from my own side.

Wang Yaoyao did this, it means very obvious, that is, deliberately letting Wen Ruo's close scene with Chen Mo, so that Wen Ruo is thinking that two talent is a couple.

Although Chen Mo's eyes in Wen Ruo's eyes are a poor boy, Wang Yaoyao knows that Chen Mer is a super rich second generation in Nanyang City.

Come knowing Mo's son, Wang Yao, I think this is the opportunity to give yourself in the sky, so no matter how she will not give up the initiative to pursue Chen Mo, marry into the giants. When a rich, Wang Yaoyao has been pursuit of dreams, Even if there is no way to become Chen Mo's wife, it is also very happy to give Chen Miller.

However, Wang Yaoyao knew that Chen Mo had certainly had a lot of beauty with the same idea as herself. This Wen Ruo should be one of them.

Therefore, Wang Yao Yao is nothing more than if you want to let Wen Ruo, helping yourself to remove a potential enemy.

When Chen Mo is still enjoying the softness and elasticity above his arm, where knows what is thinking about Wang Yaoyao.

And Wen Rui is seeing Chen Mo and Wang Yao Yao so intimate, and it was shocked, and it was disgusted.

"I didn't expect Chen Mo to be hired by a rich woman, it is really disgusting!"

Wen Ruoyi naturally will not feel that Chen Mo is a normal male and female friend, and then adding Wang Yao Yao's age, it is much more mature than Chen Mo, it is very mature, so Wen Ruo will feel that Chen Mo should be packaged by Wang Yaoyao. .

In the eyes of Wen Ruo, a man is packed by a woman, so men generally will not be a good thing, so after the whisper, after a nausea, turn it directly to the community.

On the other hand, Chen Miman did not know what was thinking about the hearts of the two women, and was taken by Wang Yaoyao on Mercedes.

After getting on the bus, Wang Yaoyao launched Chen Mo's arm and then sat in the driver's position.

After the car started, Wang Yaoyao held a steering wheel, and another hand painted the circle on his own white and tender-skinned legs. From time to time, he would throw a glance.

"Chen Gongzi, people think that you seem to have a lot more than the last time!"

Wang Yao Yao's delicate little mouth is slightly moved, and the tone is touched by Chen Mo.

"Let's see you two times, you don't say this!"

Chen Mo's expression helplessly returned.

We must know that when Chen Yaoyao first meets the first time, Wang Yaoyao has directly treated Chen Mo as a garbage. Even the sentence is not willing to tell Chen Mo, but at this time, Wang Yaoyao actually took the initiative to throw a glance. , I took the initiative to take the arm of Chen Mo before I got on the bus.

I have to say that the charm of the money is really quite big, and it is possible to change a person to you instantly.

Although Wang Yaoyao is very sexy, Chen Mo is not very interested in such a woman, because he thinks that Wang Yaoyao is so obvious, the purpose is really obvious.

"Oh, people are not deliberate last time!"

Wang Yaoyao returned to a drop, then put his own ultra short skirt, and his beautiful legs would not be Zhang, and the posture is abnormal.

After Chen Mo saw Wang Yao Yao, I couldn't help but swallow the mouth. I quickly said: "You still drive, I don't want to die on the road!"

"Ok!"

Wang Yaoyao saw that Chen Mo's temptation seems to be a little obedient. It can only promise a helpless, and then started the car.

After more than ten minutes, Wang Yaoyao stopped the car in front of a sales office.

"Chen Gongzi, let's go to the place!" Wang Yaoyao said softly from Chen Mo.

"Great!"

Chen Mo nodded and pushed the door.

But when Chen Mo just got off the bus, he suddenly saw a very familiar figure came out from the sales office.

"Why is she here?"

Chen Mer didn't help but rude.

After he heard this, he quickly turned his head to see the position of the sales office, and found a pretty girl wearing a white skirt to step on the high-heeled shoes.

And this girl is not someone else, is the goddess of Chen Mo, the goddess of the goddess, Su Mu Bai!