Chapter 11: My shoes are dirty!

KTV private room.

Xu Jiao saw Liu Di's finish calling for Chen Mo, the expression is very anxiously asked: "Li Lu, Chen Mo is what is said? He is willing to borrow money to give it two?"

"Chen Mo just promised ..."

Liu Di whispered back, at this time, her mind is still reconieving before he returns.

Liu Rong million did not think that he would have to ask Chen Mo's day, and Chen Mo borrowed the money, it turned with her to open a house, and Liu Di Xin did not have a way to accept this relationship with Chen Mo.

But at this time, if she doesn't have a way to take out these 20,000 yuan, my destiny may be more horrible than the opening room with Chen Mo.

So Liu Luo can only accept such a fact.

"I didn't expect Chen Mima that was a little conscience. At this time, I can still borrow money to we will give us two!" Xu Jiao knew that Chen Mo was promised to borrow money, the mood was obviously a lot, whispered.

Liu Di Yu Wei wrinkled and watched Xu Jiao, said that there was no expression: "This money is my lending, you have money to give me ..."

"Is this money not borrowed from two?"

Xu Jiao seems to be a little less happy.

After all, if the money is Chen Mimer borrowed her, she later sailed a petite in front of Chen Mo, Chen Mo may not have this money, Xu Jiao is thinking that he is still very set of poor silk like Chen Mo. .

"The requirement that Chen Mo will borrow money is that I let me accompany him one night, if you can replace me one night, I will give you this money in the future!"

Liu Di bites his red lips whisper.

Xu Jiao was in the original place after listening to Liu Luo, and the expression on his face was very incredible. He shouted with Water's big eyes: "Li Lu, are you crazy? You actually because 40,000 yuan to sleep with Chen Mima? "

"Now, in addition to promise Chen Mo's request, can you still think of other ways? And when you sleep with Chen Mo, is it better than Wei Xiaole,?"

Liu Di said with a brids.

Xu Jiao is sitting in the same place, I don't know what to say.

"You can't say this today, or else I will tell you all your secrets!" Liu Di saw Xu Jiao not talking, he continued.

"You ... you can rest assured, I will definitely not say it!"

Xu Jiao quickly assured a sentence.

Wei Xiaole, which is sitting on the sofa, seems to be a bit impatient, shouting with big mouth: "No, what is the two things? If there is anyone who takes money to redeem you, if no one is I am welcome ... "

"My friend will come!"

Liu Di listened to Wei Xiaole's words flashed a fear, and shouted.

"I am giving you half an hour, I am not a mood!"

Wei Xiaole seems to be a little impatient.

"..."

Liu Di gently biting his lips and didn't speak.

" !"

At this time, the private room suddenly remembered a knock on the door.

"come in!"

Wei Ming did not show a sound.

Chen Mo directly reached out to open the door into the private room, and Liu Dadong and Xu Jiao have seen Chen Mo, there is a lot of excitement.

"I am going to redemption!"

Chen Mo looked at Liu Di Xu Jiao, and said without expression.

"Is money brought?"

Wei Ming sat on the sofa and didn't look at Chen Mo and asked very calm.

Chen Mo put the plastic bag in his hand on a few tables, then continue: "It is 40,000 yuan in this, people now I can take it away?"

Wei Xiaole heard this after he opened the plastic bag, after checking it, smiled, walked to Chen Mo, and the eyes did not show up Chen Mo.

"I didn't expect your boy to wear broken, even so much money, I took it out of 40,000 ..."

Wei Xiaole said with his teeth.

"Do I have no money to wear? What should I don't have?"

Chen Mo said faint.

"You are also right!"

Wei Xiaole is gently, then it seems to be a bitter, frowning said: "Oh, I think your boy is like the Nanyang University. Is it?"

"Music, this is this kid, I saw this kid several times in the school!"

The younger brother around Wei Xiaole quickly said.

"Hahaha, no wonder this, you said how many bottles do you have to have? I don't want to eat. For these two maides worth it?" Wei Xiaolan said very disdainful. .

"Hahaha ..."

"Yeah, I heard that this little time seems to be got to be gave, I have a lot of bottles all spend money in that woman, but in the last people run directly with the rich second generation!"

"People rich second generation with his girlfriend to open the house, but also let him buy a condom, I have never heard of this matter, this kid is simply the silk in the silk!"

"Ha ha ha ... This little child is too wonderful? Don't live like this, still take 40,000 yuan to save people, really laugh at me ..."

Wei Xiaole heard the words that everyone said, and laughed directly.

Others have also started laughing.

Chen Mo's laughter, the expression on his face is very calm, and the stunned standing in the same place, there is no refutation.

But in the eyes of others, this is Chen Mo's helpless performance.

Xu Jiaowi Lu Lu looked at Chen Mo's position, and the heart is very looks at Chen Mo. They have never seen any boys have been trampled with dignity, but they can have a little temper. It is a pole.

The two of them now understand a truth, even now Chen Mo's lottery tickets, there is money, but there is still no way to change Chen Mo is a poor silk fact.

Liu Di seems to be a little start. She feels that she is a shame in her life with Chen Mo. She is even a shame, she even thinks that it is better to go to Xiaomile to bed. Many of the bed.

"Is it a smile?"

Chen Mo suddenly looked up to Wei Xiaole in front of him, and asked softly.

"No, you let me smile, I really ... I really haven't seen you, really fucking me ..." Wei Xiaole continued to laugh at his stomach.

And Chen Mo listened to Wei Xiaole's sentence, there is nothing to say, quiet waiting.

Xu Jiao looked at Chen Mo with Liu Luo, and his heart was very speechless.

A few minutes later, Wei Xiaole finally stopped laughing, then looked at Chen Mo said: "Well, since you have already brought money, then I will not be difficult for you, you help me clean my shoes, then Take these two marsh! "

After listening to Wei Xiaole, I looked up directly to Wei Xiaole.

In an instant, it seems that the whole package is quiet.

......