Chapter 1: Go to 5 million?

Nanyang City.

A teenager wearing a light blue shirt is walking in the campus of Nanyang University. It will look at the ground from time to the young eye, as if it is looking for something.

The teenager's long-term appearance should still be good, but the clothes are not washed for a long time. The black stains at the cuffs are very conspicuous. The students passing by the students are like encountering the gods, and the eyes are far away. .

And Chen Mo seems to have been used to this kind of gaze, and the expression is lightly walking on the roadside a mineral water bottle.

"Jingle Bell!"

The phone ringtones of vintage Nokia suddenly sounded.

Chen Mai quickly took out the phone and turned on the phone.

"Hey?"

"Is Chen Mo Chen Gongzi?" The voice of a middle-aged man sounded opposite the phone, and the voice was low and the sound was not slow.

"I am Chen Mo, but I am not Chen Gongzi ..."

Chen Mo said and replied.

"Chen Gongzi, this is the case, now there is a legacy that you need to inherit, do you see if you have time today?" Said the middle-aged people respectfully.

"Oh, I have a legacy that needs to be inherited?"

Chen Mo was laughed by the other party. He said helplessly: "Big Brother, you still change your personal lindle, people in my home are dead, I am an orphan, where is the legacy?"

"Chen Gongzi, I ..."

Chen Mo didn't wait for the opposite interpretation, and then shook his head softly: "Now these scammers are really too unrestricted, I can't find 50 yuan, I still want to lie to me? I still say me. Heritage inheritance, my parents die, more people ... "

At this time, Chen Mo's phone rang again!

Chen Sail didn't want to press the rejection button directly, then walked toward the mineral water bottle not far away, he was afraid that he was slammed by the school in the school.

"Snapped!"

Just when Chen Mo just bent down and prepared to pick up the bottle, a red high heel took directly to the bottle.

Chen Mima can stop, and then look at the skin of the delicate legs to the top, and it is a sexy pretty girl.

The girl is spent on the face, the five senses are exquisite, the clothes are seductive, the black tight T-shirt will make a perfect brightener in the chest, the waist is slim, and the lower is wearing a denim dress, wrapped two petals and touched hips, The legs have long slender, and the feet are stepped on a pair of red high heels, and the whole person looks an abnormal sexy man.

"Fifi, you ... how are you here?"

After the girls, Chen Mo's year, the eyes flashed a shower.

At this time, the girl in front of him is not someone else, is his girlfriend Gao Feifei.

"Chen Mo, why do you have a garbage, don't you really want to be a waste of garbage?" Gao Feifei is a pretty face, and there is no face of Chen Mo's face, but also frown.

"I……"

Chen Mo's mouth wants to explain.

"You are you? Forget it, if you want to pick up the garbage, I can't manage you. I started two breakups today. I don't want you to become a stain in my Gaifei life ..." Gao Feifei The expression is very disgusting to shouted by Chen.

Break up?

Chen Mo listened to Gaffe-Philippine, in an instant, in the original place, his eyes were extremely shocked.

"Fifi, you won't joke with me?"

Chen Mimer is straight to Gaffefi in front of him, whispered.

"Junny? Do you think I will be joking with you?"

Gao Feifei is soaked.

"Why is the good end to break up?"

When Chen Mo finally reacted, G G G Gifei was not a joke, but serious.

"Can you still be because of what? Just because you don't have money, you will know the tattered poor egg!"

Gao Feifei smashed Chen Mo in front of him, and god disadped Chen Mo and then continued: "Chen Mo, you won't think that I really want to be with you forever? You don't scour, take a look at you. , Can you now give me on this? You can't give you what I want! "

"..."

Chen Mo's gaze looked at G G G Gifei. In fact, he guess the reasons in his heart, but he was not willing to get along with her for nearly three years, I was really really because of money.

"Chen Mo, I officially inform you, we have no relationships from now, I hope you will not come to wrap me!"

After that, after this, Gigfifei turned his head.

Chen Moi quickly wanted to retain Gaffeffef, but at this time, a young man rushed out from Gaffeffey, and lifted his legs, it was a foot, directly in Chen Mo's belly.

"Li Kai?"

Chen Mo took two steps after retreat, and his eyes looked at Gaffield's youth.

Gao Feifei moved to hurt Li Kai's arm, and said: "Chen Mo, I will introduce you, this is my new boyfriend Li Kai! He is more handsome than you, we have money than you." And than you know, such talents can match me Gaifei! "

Chen Mo glared at Li Kai, although Li Kai is long, but it is a very rich rich second generation of the class, Gao Feifei is separated from Chen Mo, and then with Li Kai, it is definitely because of money.

"Chen Mo, from today, G G G Ghiffmy is my girlfriend, if I find you again, I will interrupt you, understand?"

Li Kai's previous step, said that Chen Mo said very arrogant.

Chen Mer did not speak with his teeth, because he is clear that Li Kai is rich in the heart, but also knows a lot of mixers in the society. If you really have to sin, Li Kai, will be very miserable.

"Dear, don't take care of this kind of person, let's go!"

At this time, Gao Feifei snuggled in Li Kai's presence.

"Small wave, so you can open a house with me!"

Li Kai couldn't help but smile, then took out a few red cash directly from his own clothes, swayed in front of Chen Mo, smiled and said: "Chen Mo, I remember that you are as long as you give money, you are willing to do it. Not right? I will give you five hundred dollars now. You go to the pharmacy to buy a box of contraceptives back, I will use Fifi to use ... "

Gao Feifei heard Li Kai's words and shy, but did not say anything.

Chen Mo looked at Li Kai's money, and the eyes were filled with anger.

Because he has more than three years with Gao Feifei, don't say it is open, even if you haven't touched Gaffield's hand!

But at this time, Gao Feifei and Li Kaiyuan have a few days in just a few days, and the two people have to open a house!

Moreover, Li Kai actually let Chen Mo help two people buy contraceptives, this is completely not to see Chen Mo's adult!

At this time, the surroundings have been crowded. Everyone seems to look at Chen Mo as a joke, and the expression on the face is abnormal.

After all, there is nothing in this world to be more sad than what happened.

But in fact, they don't know, the sad thing is not Li Kai to buy contraceptives, but Chen Mo looked at the cash in Li Kai, and even some heart!

If Chen Mo is really able to get this money, then his rent is falling.

"How? You can't go? If you don't go, I can find someone else!" Li Kai joked in Chen Mail.

Chen Mo hesitated for two seconds, turned his head to Gaifei's position, said icy: "Gao Feifei, I hope that you will regret your decision today in this life!"

"Regret? What regretted? Regret to break the poor egg break with you?" Gao Feifei couldn't help but smir.

Chen Mo took a breath, I didn't want to turn directly to the distance, and then disappeared in the sight of everyone.

......

After leaving the school, Chen Mo said that one person returned to the house he rented outside the school.

Because Chen Mo needs to go to work in the bar at the bar, I have to get off at get off work at two o'clock in the morning, and at that time, the school's bedroom has been closed, so Chen Mo will rent a house outside.

Although the room is only so big, Chen Mo feels enough to live enough.

Back in the room, Chen Mo's brain has emerged with a scene before Fei Fei, and the vows of the vows now look so ridiculous!

In fact, when Chen Mo just met Gaffeffey, Gigfifi was a very kind and simple girl. Others can't look down from Chen Mo, but only Gao Feifei has always followed Chen Mile.

But in the two years of Nanyang University, with more and more people in Gao Feifei, her ideas gradually began to change. Chen Mo realized that Gigfifi would break up with himself, but He didn't expect G G Gifei to do things so unhappy.

When Chen Mo's family is still a good family. Chen Jia is also a big family in the local area. Chen Mo's father is doing executives in the family's company. Although it is not as good as those of the top rich, but with Li Kai's family, Chen Mo Home is still very rich.

However, in the age of 15 years old, his parents died because of accidents. Chen Jia people regard Chen Mo as a thorn in the eyes, and finally Chen Mo helpless, she had to leave Chen Jia, she came out. Life.

In order to tuition and life expenses, Chen Mo did not have any dirty life, no matter what dirty live, will come out to pick up the bottle, and will go to the bar next to the school to wait for students.

The school's classmates are also humiliated by Chen Mo, but Chen Mo doesn't care, as long as G G Gifei is still around him, but at this time Gao Feifei also left himself.

At this time, Chen Mo lying on the bed, watching the ceiling at this time, he doesn't know what he lives.

"Ding!"

At this time, the SMS prompt sound.

Chen Mo stunned, and then picked up the mobile phone simple and sweeping. When Chen Mo saw the contents of the phone, they were directly in the original place, and the expression on the face was extremely shocked.

"Your tail number 6174 account, accounting amount is 50 million yuan, the balance is 50000025.00 yuan."

Chen Mo is sitting straight, looking at his mobile phone shocked.

"Five million, this ... this should be a joke with me!"

Chen Mo looked at the SMS above the phone and said it very much.

" !"

It is still not waiting for Chen Mo., how is this text message, a rush of knocking on the door.