Chapter 81: Going to Jacques Restaurant

Chen Mo looked at Zhang Feng with Wen Ruo, and his face was very helpless.

If he will get so much trouble, then Chen Mo will not reward the gift in Wen Ruo's live broadcast. If Chen Mo does not reward the gift in Wen Ruo's live broadcast, it will not The next thing happened.

Wen Rui's misunderstanding between Chen Mo is getting deeper, Wen Rui is very stubbornly believe that the past is the wind, and the person who helped her is also Zhang Feng.

These things are unclear when Chen Mili is now explained.

What's more, Wen Ruo has never wants to listen to Chen Mo's idea.

Therefore, Chen Mo can only hopes that it is hoped in Du Tianhao, so that Du Tianhao finds Zhang Feng as soon as possible, as long as you can find the account back, the rest is simple.

"Chen Gongzi, what is your relationship with that girl?"

Wang Yaoyao went to Chen Mile, and loudly rushed to Chen Mail.

"We are two just a common friend relationship!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"Since it is an ordinary friend relationship, Chen Gongzi you still take care of this girl? I think this girl doesn't know how to be good!" Wang Yaoyao said with a small mouth.

"..."

Chen Mo listened to this, turned his head and looked at Wang Yaoyao, and sighed and sighed.

After all, the things between him and Wen Ruo are not clear about two sentences.

"Ok, let's go!"

Chen Mo's hair is now on the square, and many people look at themselves like a stupid, turned to Wang Yaoyao.

"Ok!"

Wang Yaoyao promised, then stepped on the position of the high-heeled shoes and Tingting.

......

After more than ten minutes, Chen Mo drives to Wang Yao to come to a French restaurant.

"Chen Gongzi, this is the best Western restaurant in Nanyang City. It is not a member of the members here, and it is a member. It is very difficult to book here. I found a lot of friends to help. Book! "Wang Yaoyao took a laughing in Chen Mo after getting off the bus.

Chen Mo listened to this, looked up at the name of the restaurant, and found that this restaurant is just before him and the Jacques restaurant in Su Mu.

"I have been here before this restaurant!"

Chen Mo said in Wang Yaoyao.

Wang Yaoyao heard Chen Mo's sentence, then smiled and said: "You should not be a thin thing like Chen Gongzi, this kind of rich people have come to such a restaurant."

"That is also!"

Chen Mo fell back, there was nothing more, followed by Wang Yaoyao into the restaurant.

After entering the restaurant, Chen Mo has a lot of people waiting in line.

And Chen Mo saw two familiar figures in these liners, that is, Wen Rui also has Zhang Feng.

Obviously, Zhang Feng is in the same way as Wen Ruo, in order to continue playing the second generation of the image, it is deliberately borrowed a member card from others, and borrowed some money in the way, and then a location in the Jacques restaurant.

At this point, Zhang Feng is fighting with the front desk, and the expression on the face seems to be very excited.

"I haven't booked here before, why do you come over now, you still tell me there is no location?" Zhang Feng asked at the front desk.

"Sir, I explained to you many times, our restaurant is now limited, even if it is scheduled, it needs to be queued!" The waiter said that he was not impatient in Zhang Feng.

"Since I have a predetermined position, I still need to queue, then what I still reserve?" Zhang Feng seems to shout a little excited.

"Mr., if you are not booked, you may have no chance to linger!" The waiter looked at Zhang Feng faint.

Zhang Feng listened to this after the moment, after all, he has never been here before this restaurant is eating. Naturally, I don't know that the Jacques restaurant has such a rule.

"How did you this person? We also booked the position before, now there is no queue here now? Still hurry over, don't delay everyone!"

After Zhang Feng, the customers shouted very impatiently.

Wen Rui looked at Zhang Feng hesitated, whispered: "Zhang Feng, or still count, where I have dinner, we can change it!"

"No, this is the first meal together, I have to ask you to eat the best Western food!"

The expression of Zhang Feng is serious and said.

Wen Rui heard the sentence of Zhang Feng, and the beautiful movement flashed, there was nothing to say.

In fact, the reason why Zhang Feng has always changed the place is not because he really wants to invite Wen Ruo to eat here, but when he is here for a reservation, you will pay a thousand dollars, if you are not eating here today. This predetermined gold is invalid, Zhang Feng will waste more than a thousand dollars in white!

"Let's go to the queue!"

Wen Ruo said softly.

"Now I can only queue, if you are, it is too sorry, I don't know if this restaurant has such a rule. If I know, I will definitely not take you here!"

Zhang Feng is very sorry to say it.

"It's okay, isn't it waiting here for a while? Waiting for a while, wait for a while, anyway, everyone is waiting!" Wen Rui said very well.

"As long as you don't mind!" Zhang Feng saw Wen Ruo smiled, and suddenly noticed Chen Mo who just came into the restaurant.

When Zhang Feng saw Chen Mo, the expression on his face changed, and the beads rushed to Chen Mo. "Isn't you have any questions about your body? How do you have a dog skin plaster? When you follow, what do you mean? "

When Wen Ruo saw Chen Mo, the eyes flashed a different look, hesitated for two seconds, did not take the initiative to talk to Chen Mo.

"Who is following you? We also come over to eat, this restaurant is not your home, can you come, can you come?" Wang Yaoyao shouted with the big eyes of Water Wang.

"He is a stinky, can he have money to eat here?" Zhang Feng shouted.

In the restaurant, the people in the restaurant turned to the position of Chen Mo after hearing this, and Chen Mo's dressed is very ordinary. It is indeed like a person who can have money to eat here, so the eyes are full of disdain.

"Who do you say that it is broken? Are you not yawned?"

Wang Yaoyao shouted very excited.

"Okay, don't have noisy, the latter customers are troublesome to take the number queue!" After watching Wang Yaoyao, he wanted to shout with his tone.

Wang Yaoyao heard the waiter, and quickly stepped on the high-heeled shoes and quickly walked to the waiter, and then whispered: "I reservations before your restaurant, it is at 7:30!"

"Now there is limited location, you will go to the queue first!"

The waiter took out a number card to handed Wang Yaoyao and said that he had no expression.

Wang Yao, I couldn't help but stop after seeing the number card.

"Don't look, you are all in place, they are also waiting in line now!" The waiter seems to have seen Wang Yaoyao's doubts and said softly in Wang Yao.

Wang Yaoyao hesitated for two seconds in place, directly put the number card to the waiter, then said with a small mouth: "Forget, we are not eaten here!"

"If you don't queue, if you don't queue, you can expose it!"

The waiter whispers alert.

"Isn't it a thousand dollars? I don't want it, I am not like some people, I have a thousand dollars, I will be able to queue here, if you have no money, you will not be rich in Fu Yi!"

Obviously, Wang Yaoyao said that gives Zhang Feng.

After Zhang Feng heard this, his face became more ugly.

Today is Wang Yaoyao to prepare, please ask Chen Mo, if you bring a casino, you can buy a chamber of the super rich second generation here, what is going on?

Therefore, Wang Yaoyao is planning to change the restaurant asks Chen Mo to eat.

"Chen Gongzi, let's go, the people in this restaurant are too much!" Wang Yaoyao said softly from Chen Mo.

Chen Mo hesitated, turned and prepared.

At this time, Wen Ruo is still here, Chen Mo is now seeing these two people feel troubles, so I can leave this opportunity.

However, in the moment, Chen Mo turned into the moment, a young man wearing a suit came in from the restaurant.

When you saw Chen Mo, I couldn't help but screamed, and then I was very respectful and respectful to Zhao Shi said: "Chen Gongzi, how are you here? How do you come to our restaurant to eat?"

After all of the people heard the words of the youth, all the twists showed the position of Chen Mo, and the eyes were abnormal.

The youth that came in this time is not someone else, is the manager of the Jacques restaurant!