Chapter 34: Successful credit card

"You bought this villa?"

Wang Yaoyao couldn't help but knew it after hearing Chen Mo's sentence, and immediately laughed directly.

The employees in the sales office have also followed the beginning of laughing, as if they have heard the ridiculous joke in the world.

"Chen ... Mr. Chen, I don't have anything, I don't want to change a job, let's go!"

Lin Xi is very touched by Chen Mai to help himself talk, but she knows how Chen Mo may have money to buy a six million villa?

So Chen Mo said these words in her eyes may be a joke.

"Is it a smile?"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly opened the laughter of everyone.

And Wang Yaoyao also stopped his laughter, got up and down, whispered: "Do you want to buy this villa is right? Our villa itself is special room, not accepting loans, only full, deposit is Two million, the remaining four million weeks are completed, if you want to buy, save it! "

"2 million deposit?"

Chen Mo heard this later.

"How? Is it can't come out?" Wang Yaoyao asked with a smile.

"There is no need to pay for gold, six million, I will pay it!"

Chen Mo said faint.

Wang Yaoyao heard Chen Mo's words flashed, because her faint approach feeling that Chen Mo didn't seem to be a joke.

"Is this Chen Mo are a rich second generation?"

Wang Yaoyao has flashed a bold idea, but she quickly slammed this thought, after all, the second generation would be Dress Up?

"Mr. Chen, let's go, let's go!"

Lin Xi still believes that Chen Mo can't afford this villa, and Chen Mo is going to leave.

"The house hasn't bought yet, why do you want to go?"

Chen Mo fell back, and then looked up to Wang Yao Yao, whispered: "What are you doing here? Go to prepare the contract!"

"Do you have money to buy this house?"

Wang Yaoyao urged Chen Mail asked.

"Snapped!"

Chen Mo did directly gave the black card of the Huaxia Bank to him to the black card of the tea, and then said: "Six million, swipe directly!"

When Chen Mo came out, the guests in the original sales office and employees have looked at Chen Mo's position, and the expression on the face is very unexpected.

Who can think about Mo's breaking youth to break a lot of money to buy a six million villa?

People who can come here to see the house are basically all the rich people in Nanyang City, but so refreshingly takes out six million rich people, they are indeed the first time.

"What card is this? How did I have never seen it?"

Wang Yaoyao looked at Huaxia Bank Blackka on the tea table, and asked.

The whole Huaxia can get the rich people in Huaxia Black Card, and I will take it out of a background. It is the existence of more than 100 billion, so ordinary people can't know the existence of Huaxia Black Card.

Don't say Wang Yaoyao, even if there is any other rich people in the scene, there is no way to see the true value of this card.

"What card is this? Is there a relationship with you? Can you just have it?"

Chen Mo is sitting on the sofa sincerely, and Chen is very calm back.

At the beginning, Li Jincheng said that this card has no spending amount, no matter how much consumption, tens of millions of billions can use this card, but Chen Mo has never used this card, and his bank card There is only 50 million inside, so Chen Mo will take this card.

Wang Yaoyao looked at Chen Mo to hesitate for two seconds, and then hug a trial to let the staff took the POS machine.

After a few seconds, Wang Yaoyao entered six million amazing numbers above the machine, and said softly, "" You enter your password! "

Chen Merlot took the POS machine and then told his bank card password to the bank card password.

At this point, people in the sales office are watching Chen Mo's position, as if they are waiting for the results of the credit card.

They want to see that Chen Mo just said that the one-time payment of six million this sentence is really fake!

And Lin Xi also looked at Chen Mo's position, with a doubt of the expression.

Because Lin Xi seems to feel some feeling that Chen Mo is now doing everything seems to be joking!

"drop!"

"Success!"

Although the tone of the machine is not very big, it has resounded throughout the sales office.

Everyone in the field is in the original place, and the eyes are full of shocking. Who can think that Chen Mo actually really spends six million to buy the house!

In fact, in the place of Nanyang City, a few million people who bought a villa were still a lot, but like Chen Mo's wearing broken, it was as broken, and it was so small that they were still still I met!

And the most feeling is that Chen Mo has not said any nonsense from his head to the end, just how much money, then swipe directly.

If you replace it into other people, you have to know how to understand this villa.

I have to take a look at the villa scene before the card.

But these things Chen Mo did not have done!

At this time, everyone saw that Chen Mo's eyes had already changed very much, especially some of the sales lady, as if I can't wait to take it directly, I'm going to Chen Mo's arms. They only knew what the real rich second generation.

Of course, the most shocking two people at this time is still in Lin Xi and Wang Yao Yao.

Lin Xi is sluggish to look at Chen Mo's position, where can she want to get myself a person who is just pulling over the street, will be a rich second generation?

Before I didn't hear the four words of the credit card, I couldn't believe that Chen Mo is able to buy this villa.

At this time, Wang Yaoyao seems to be more interesting, she can't imagine what she has done before, a delicate pretty face is incredible, and she seeing Chen Mo's eyes never before. .

She now understands that Chen Mo, who has been looking down by himself, it will be a rich second generation that may not be exposed to it in this life.

"Do you have to pay?"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly opened his mouth in Wang Yaoyao.

"To ... arrived ..."

Wang Yaoyao agreed between, she didn't have courage to see Chen Mo's eyes now, so the mind has been thinking about finding an excuse to leave, adjusting her own feelings.

"Chen ... Mr. Chen, I ... I will give you a contract!" Wang Yaoyao stunned to Chen Mo's rushing.

"Great!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

Wang Yaoyao heard the words directly to leave, and Chen Miman sat quietly on the sofa.

Everyone around him looked at Chen Mo with a different gaze. The man is all kinds of envy, and the woman has a burst of spring, thinking about how you will hook up to Chen Mo's super rich Second generation.

Only Lin Xi seems to have never reacted from the previous things, she feels that this is as if it is dreaming.

After a moment, Wang Yao took the contract to step on the high-heeled shoes. Tingting came to Chen Mima, then he leaned down his body and said with Chen Mo: "Mr. Chen, I am ready for your contract, you just sign it above!" "

I don't know if Wang Yao is deliberate, she has opened a buckle of her shirt, and there is a deep gully between white and soft double peaks. It looks an extremely fascinating.

"When did I say I want to buy this house? Do you think this house is equipped with me?"

Chen Mo looked at the tempting scene between Wang Yao Yao, asked very calm.

"Chen Gongzi, this house is a bit can't match you, are you planning to give people?" Wang Yao Yao seems to ask someone.

Everyone in the sales office heard Chen Mo's sentence, after all, Chen Mo has already finished paying the money, then Chen Mo is not buying a house to himself, don't you want to give others?

Everyone has begun to have a little envy, what is the good luck in envy, I can't get a set of 6 million villas whiten!

"Lin Xi, come over!"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly opened his mouth.