Chapter 102: It is a small child

"Mingmei, are you crazy? How can you want Chen Mimanine as your boyfriend? He is a poverty of garbage!"

Wei Jiaqi heard the expression of Mingmei after hearing the Mingmei.

"Yeah, I know that he is a poor silk of garbage, but I am now looking for a poor silk to be my boyfriend!"

Mingmei said with a calmness while taking the lipstick.

"Why? Why do you want to find a silk as your boyfriend, our school so many rich second generation is chasing you!" Wei Jiaqi shouted his big eyes.

Mingmei listened to Wei Jiaqi, I couldn't help but smile in my heart. Those rich second generations compared with Chen Mo, it is not good at a level, of course, Mingmei is now not intended to tell the truth, can only pay attention to it. "The reason is very simple, I am not really wanting to be my boyfriend, but I want him to temporarily ..."

"What does it mean to replace?"

Wei Jiaqi's expression is still very convinced.

"Can you still be because of what? Xi Zhe in our school has been harassing me, although Zhou Zhejia's condition is good, but it is too ugly, I can't see him, so I decided to let Chen Milume as my boyfriend. In this case, Zhou Zhe can be difficult to retreat, do you understand what I mean? "Mingmei helpless.

"So this is ah!"

Wei Jiaqi seems to be nodded, then continue to say: "If you want to find a fake boy, you don't have to find Chen Mo., Chen Mo is a garbage, say more about it?"

"I am because I chose Chen Mo, I want Zhou Zhe, I don't like the girl who likes the money. If you have any money, I can't see him, I can't see him, the province I have to send this to this every day, I have to be died by him! "

In fact, this set said that she has thought about it for a long time. She just felt that she was now enthusiastic about Chen Mo, will definitely cause Wei Jiaqi's suspicion. If Wei Jiaqi knows Chen Mo's identity, the basic people who have basically the whole music Academy know So she will come out such a story.

"Oh, I understand what you mean!"

Wei Jiaqi looked at Mingmei and then nodded, and then it seems to say: "Actually, I think Zhou Zhe is still very good, isn't it a long ugly? But people have money in the family, but also so good to you! "

"Chen Mo didn't have money, but Chen Mo's longevity, so I will choose to let Chen Milume as my boyfriend, wait until I have been completely dead for me, I am doing Chen Mo.

Mingmei stands in front of the mirror, take a careful photo, and determine that every place is beautiful, and it is very satisfied with the satisfaction to look at Wei Jiaqi.

Although Wei Jiaqi is not very understanding of the understanding of the Mingmei, after all, in her eyes, the long phase is not so important, and there is money is the key. If Zhou Zhe's rich second generation can take the initiative to pursue his own words, Wei Jiaqi must not want to think I directly agreed.

"Yes, if you don't tell Chen Mo, I am using him now. If he knows the truth, it will not promise to be with me!"

Mingmei rushed to Wei Jiaqi.

"Second beauty, you can rest assured, I will not tell Chen Mo, and if Chen Mo knows, how can it be? He is a poor silk, can become your boyfriend, it is estimated that he can dream of smile. ! "Wei Jiaqi seems to have some disdain.

Mingmei heard that Wei Jiaqi did not help but smiling in his heart.

If Chen Mo is likely to be his own boyfriend, people who dream will smile at all, but Mingmei.

Mingmei is ready to drag Wei Jiaqi first, so that you can take the initiative to be able to make it wrong, others don't have to doubt themselves.

Then I really won Chen Mo, and then told people the true identity of Chen Mo. At that time, everyone would envy their own.

The silly Wei Jiaqi seems to think that the Mingmei's current practice is just acting, so there is not much more thinking.

......

the other side.

Chen Mile Mengliang and others were waiting for a few minutes in front of the table, and the waiters in the kitchen suddenly shouted: "A few gentlemen, your dishes are already done, please take it!"

Although Yi Shengyuan is the best restaurant in Nanyang, because the students in the school are more, the rich people who have eaten this place are also more, so the waiters in the restaurant are all busy, and they are at noon. The students will go to the meal.

Chen Mile Mengliang and others heard the waiter, and got up and rushed to the place where the meal was taken.

"I didn't expect this place to actually take my own things like our cafeteria!"

Meng Liang is also the first time to come to this place, and after the hand, I laughed and said.

"Yeah, I still eat this thing for the first time, I don't know how to eat!" Liu Rui also returned to a sentence.

"If you like two, I can often take you two past eaten!"

Chen Mo listened to Meng Liang and Liu Rui's dialogue, said softly.

"Come often come over?"

Meng Liang looked at Chen Mile can't stand it, then said with his mouth: "Big Brother, we have more than a thousand dollars in this meal today. If you want to come over, I will estimate you. I have to run two times ... "

"Ha ha……"

Chen Mo smiled and didn't say much.

Meng Liang took the dishes with Liu Rui, and the rest of the restaurant was left in a bowl of goat milk stew. Chen Mo took the plate directly, and turned around and rushed to go.

But Chen Mo has just gone two steps, and a figure suddenly rushed out.

"what!"

It's a screaming close to it.

A girl in a pink dress did not pay attention to Chen Mo because they were in a hurry. So directly with Chen Mai hit together, Chen Mili's goat milk stew instantly touched, directly poured on the clothes of the girl.

"Daughter-in-law, what happened?"

A little chubby child is just after hearing the scream of the girl, and then rushed out from the back, and the gods rushed to ask the girl.

"Husband, just hit this feathers to my body, stain my clothes!"

After seeing his skirt, the girl was sphed with my sheep milk, and the expression was wroned.

"..."

The little fat man heard the phrase of the girl, and quickly looked up at Chen Mo in front of the girl, and then stunned in the original place, then said that it was cold and said: "It's a small child ..."