Chapter 144: Chen Mo, I apologize to you.

If Su Mu Bai has not rushed to Chen Mo, he didn't say that it is unreliable with Chen Mo, Chen Mo will definitely let Li Juncheng invest.

However, Su Mu Bai's performance really let Chen Mo are very angry, Chen Mo is now doing not know how to choose.

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo and his eyes suddenly changed.

Now Su Mu Bai knows that Chen Mo is not a liar, Chen Mo does also help her find a very powerful investor.

She regrets that she should not tell Chen Mo, should not misunderstand Chen Mo.

If she doesn't misunderstand Chen Mo, things will not make this look.

Su Mu Bai now does not have any rooms, if Chen Mo does not let Li Jincheng invest in her company, so Su Mu Bai can only look at the company's unpackage, because Zhang Zezi is now unfair, it is impossible to have Money invests in her company.

"Chen Mo, I apologize for you!"

At this time, Su Tu Yu suddenly shouted with Chen Mo.

Yes, Southern Suyu, who has always been very arrogant, has put her proud that although she doesn't know why Chen Mo will know Li Juncheng.

But no matter what, Chen Mo did not deceive, Su Yucheng felt that he humiliated Chen Mo's words too much, so she will take the initiative to give Chen Mo apologize.

"Do you apologize?"

Chen Mo looked at the Su Tu Yutu.

"Yeah, although you are still a poor silk in my eyes, today you don't have a deception, I will recover the words you told you before!" Su Tuyu said that Chen Mo said.

In fact, the girl of Su Yucu has been like this, the heart is faster, what is the saying, but the character is not happy, but it is in real, and she has always laughed to humiliate Chen Mo, a large part of the reason because Chen Mo occupied her Cheap, her heart will not pass this cow.

"Ha ha……"

Chen Mo looked at Su Yucu smiled, nothing to say, he did not think that the girls such as Su Tuyu act actually to apologize to himself.

"Chen ... Chen Mo, I also apologize to you, I shouldn't be mistaken before!"

Su Mu Bai hesitated, and he also took courage to rush through Chen Mo.

After seeing the expression of the grievances on the face of Su Mu, it seems to be touched by the most soft place in the heart.

"call……"

Chen Mo took a breath, then went to Su Mu Bai, slowly said: "Su Mu Bai, I hope you remember, I am your fiance, you are my unmarried wife, you won't go wrong. Arrival, but I hope that you will give me some trust in the future, I am not what you think so! "

Su Mu Bai heard Chen Mo's sentence, and it was ashamed.

Chen Mo said that, Su Mu, may be because of the waste of Chen Sara, so she will suspect that Chen Mo is everywhere.

I would rather believe that some outsiders are not willing to believe in Chen Mo!

But after this matter today, Su Mu Yin Xin has a new understanding of Chen Mo.

Maybe Chen Mo is an ordinary poor silk, maybe Chen Mo is not a big family coming, but sometimes Chen Mo may not be as ordinary, then there is incompetence!

An ordinary person can know that Li Juncheng Sun Guangmao is already a very great thing.

"Since Su Miss is your unmarried wife, then it is a smooth man and I decided that our Dingsheng Group is preparing to invest 80 million to Miss Su, if Su Miss's company can turn over in the next three years For profit, our Dingsheng Group will continue to add investment! "

Li Juncheng's acting is very good. After hearing Chen Mo and Su Mu Bai, I quickly shouted.

Su Mu-Bai heard this, the expression was very excited, and asked the Baba in Li Jincheng: "Mr. Li, what do you say is true?"

"Of course, I really let my secretary prepare the contract, Miss Su, let's talk to a place!" Li Juncheng nodded.

"Well, Mr. Li, please!"

Su Mu Bai quickly agreed, and then took the initiative to take out the meeting room with Chen Mo Li Juncheng.

After Chen Mo and others left, Zhang Yunshan and others were in the ground, and they rushed to Sun Guangmao, pray for the forgiveness of Sun Guangmao.

However, Sun Guangmao is also very helpless, after all, these people don't know that they are sinned, they are not Sun Guangmao, but Chen Mo.

So they don't ask Sun Guangmao, and Sun Guangmao cannot forgive them.

......

On the other hand, Su Mu, who came to his office with Li Jicheng Chen Mo, and then communicated his cooperation with Li Juncheng.

Because Li Jincheng also learned about Su Mu Bai's company, the difference between the two sides in communication, the difference is not particularly much.

Soon Li Juncheng signed a contract with Su Mu, the identity of the Chairman of the Dingsheng Group Agent.

Li Jincheng has invested 80 million in Su Mu-Bai, and got 50% of the company, which represents Chen Mo's share of 50% of Su Mug Bai.

After the two signed the contract, the Dingsheng Group did directly hit the money to the account of Su Mu Bai Company.

After Si Mu, after got the money, he quickly prepared his company's shareholders, and then hit the other party's account.

But at this time, those shareholders still think about how Sun Guangmao forgive their things, and there is no one to relate to disappointment.

Once the Dingsheng Group announced that it would never cooperate with them, their company is estimated that it is not allowed to do two months, and the loss of the company's closedness is not allowed to make up.

These people were originally wanted to take this way to Zhang Ze, but they didn't think of it. In the end, it turned out to be a lady and the defenders, not only did not want to go to Zhang. In contrast, it has provoked more horrible existence.

After Sue Mu-Bai signed a good contract with Li Juncheng, Since Li Jincheng briefly introduced his company.

Li Jincheng is still very interested in Su Mu Bai's cosmetics brand. He feels that if Su Mu Bai is really good, it will definitely lead a new trend.

At about 5 o'clock in the evening.

Chen Mo Li Juncheng Sun Guangmao and others left Su Mu Bai's company.

Su Mu Bai directly sent Chen Mo several people to the company's entrance.

"Okay, Miss Su, you don't have to send it, hurry back!"

Li Jincheng said with Su Mu, a smile.

"Okay, Li, when you have time, I am always welcome!" Su Mu Bai's mood at this time is good, laughing back.

"Great!"

Li Juncheng nodded gently, then rushed to his own Mercedes-Benz.

Su Mu Bai saw Chen Mo to go, he hesitated, then suddenly shouted: "Chen Mo, can you come over? I have some words to tell you ..."