Chapter 129: Are you tired?

Since Chen Mo has inherited the heritage, the temptation around him has gradually changed.

Whether it is the sexy royal sister like Wang Yao, or a young student of Mingmei Liu Rong.

These women as long as Chen Mo's call, they will take a good room in the hotel to wait for Chen Mo.

But Chen Mo has never done this, because he feels that he wants to find a woman who truly loves him, not to find a woman who loves him money, if Chen Mo is really like this woman, when it is possible to get it Drop.

And then, in addition, Su Mu Bai didn't want to admit that Chen Mo is her fiance. However, Chen Mo has always wanted to pursue Su Mu Bai, because he felt that since he had promised to marry Su Mu, then I have to be responsible for this woman!

However, the sentence that Ji Lin Qiushui is completely stimulated by Chen Mo.

What is the man rich for money?

Isn't it alive for you to make yourself happy?

Chen Mo is very movement with Lin Qiushui, can go to bed with such a woman, Chen Mo feels that he is not lost, just just Chen Mo's desire to control his heart.

However, Lin Qiushui said with Chen Mo, completely ignited the anger in his heart.

Lin Qiushui does not know Chen Mo's identity, and now Lin Qiu Water take the initiative to ask Chen Mo's bed.

Even if there is anything happening, Chen Mo does not need to be responsible, and you can get 20,000 cash, which has no impact on Chen Mo's foundation.

So Chen Mo will suddenly change my idea.

Chen Mo is the body of Lin Qiushui, and Lin Qiushui is solving his own trouble, and the two people are all needed.

After the end, I didn't bother each other after the event, Chen Mo felt that she did not suffer.

When Lin Qiu Water felt that he was hugged by Chen Mail, it flashed a nervousness in the beautiful, but she quickly became firm, because she knew that she only had pregnant now to solve all the problems!

After a few seconds, Chen Mo threw Lin Qiu Water on the bed of the bedroom, and then reached his hand and started his clothes.

Lin Qiushu is lying in bed, and the heart is accelerating. She has any intimate contact from a small to most, so it is certainly very nervous now.

Chen Mo looked at the expression on Lin Qiushi, hesitated, then whispered: "If you want to regret it now ..."

"I……"

Lin Qiushui seems to be a little nervous, and the mouth is wanting to talk, but he hesitate to whisper: "You hurry, I don't regret it!"

Chen Mo listened to the phrase of Lin Qiushui, nor did it continue to discharge, and bowed directly to Lin Qiushui's delicate little mouth.

After Lin Qiushi, I saw Chen Mili who had to personally hid, and then waited for the waters' big eyes and shouted: "You ... what do you do? You can't kiss me ..."

"Autumn Water, do you can't do this?"

Chen Mo listened to Lin Qiu Water. I was speechless. I didn't care about Lin Qiushui, I continued to go to Lin Qiushui.

Lin Qiushi face is very panic, even if you are busy, you will also send a sound from time to time.

But after hiding two times, Chen Mo finally found the opportunity, directly affiliated Lin Qiusan seductive small mouth, Lin Qiushu watched his eyes in an instant, and looked at Chen Mo.

This is the first kiss of Lin Qiushui and Chen Mo's first kiss.

Two people are almost at the same time.

Chen Mo hesitated, directly using the tongue to open the white teeth of Lin Qiushui, and then kissed Lin Qiushui together.

After a moment, Chen Mo's clear beaten and excited, reached out and touched Lin Qiushui's white back, Chen Mo wants to take off Lin Qiuwei's underwear.

Lin Qiushui felt the temperature of Chen Mo's palm, couldn't help with the body of the body, but biting his teeth did not stop Chen Mo.

In order to avoid her parents' marriage, Lin Qiushui is now able to do it.

But this is Chen Mo's first time to take a woman's underwear, so it is inevitable that some don't know how to open the lingerie.

After tossing for a long time, Chen Mo still did not take off Lin Qiu Water underwear, and perhaps because of the clear and excited, his forehead also appeared on the top.

"Rely, when you are so key, how can I not open it!"

Chen Mo did not stand the whisper in his heart.

"Chen Mo, what happened?" Lin Qiushu saw Chen Mia's sweat, and the expression seems to be a little asked by Chen Union.

"Nothing ..."

Chen Mo's voice slightly shakes, he is not intended to tell Lin Qiushui is a button that does not open underwear, so it will be like this. Otherwise it is too shameful.

"You are fine, why do you sweat?" Lin Qiushui asked.

"..."

Chen Mo did not speak, bowed to the back of Lin Qiushui, and immediately stunned.

Because Chen Mo found that there was no button behind the underwear!

It turned out that Chen Mo used to have a few fantasies that he had to open a room with a woman. However, at this time, a beautiful woman in Chen Mo is in front of Chen Mo. Chen Mo has no way to take off the woman's underwear. Chen Mo is very urgent, But the more you can't find the button!

"Is it buckled in front?"

Chen Mo looked at Lin Qiushui's white and towering double peak hesitated for two seconds, and then started to find a button in front.

But after I got it for a long time, I found that I didn't even have it. Chen Mo was so crazy.

"Chen Mo, are you tired?" At this time, Lin Qiushi suddenly looked at Chen Mail.

"What are I tired?"

Chen Mo's low returned to a sentence, and then continued to concentrate on find a button.

"You must be tired, we haven't done anything, you have sweating, is your body really have any questions?" Lin Qiu Water expression said doubt.

"My body is no problem!"

Chen Miman smashed his eyes.

"Then why do you sweat?"

"Maybe the room is too hot ..."

Chen Mai helidly returned a sentence.

"Otherwise, let's take a break?" Lin Qiushu said softly.

"No, can I ask you?" Chen Mo felt that he could not take it with Lin Qiushui so much, so I plan to ask Lin Qiushui button to open.

"what is the matter?"

Lin Qiushi said.

"Where is your lingerie?" Chen Mo said very helplessly rushing to Lin Qiu Water.

Lin Qiushi heard Chen Mo's sentence and couldn't help but smile, whispered: "It turned out that you were busy for such a half, because I couldn't find the buckle of my underwear!"

"How do you open your underwear?"

Chen Mai crashed at this time.

"My lingerie is on the side!"

Lin Qiushui at this time seems to be not so nervous, laughing back.

"Rely, this is the underwear designed, how to put the button on the side!"

Chen Mo is often helpless, and then she should go to the side of Lin Qiuwei underwater.

"Chen Mo, you won't it be a man?"

Just at this time, Lin Qiu is slowly said.

"I ... Of course not ..."

Chen Mo is afraid that Lin Qiu Water jokes yourself, and it is easy to negate.

"Then why don't you find anything?" Lin Qiuwu looked at Chen Mo asked.

"..."

Chen Mo did not have a mood to take care of Lin Qiu Water, and finally touched the button, and I want to open it.

"Jingle Bell……"

But at this time, the phone inside Chen Mo's clothes suddenly rang.

Chen Mo and Lin Qiushu were heard after hearing the ringtone, while stunned.

......