Chapter 138: Su Mu Bai's decision

Apostated eight o'clock.

After the entanglement of the whole night, Su Mu Bai finally made his decision.

Su Mu Bai felt that Su Chengkai said that there was no mistake, and he married Chen Mo is also married. It is also married to Zhang Ze. Why don't you maximize your marriage?

Zhang Za's Zhangjia is a big family in Nanyang City, sitting on a billion asset. If you marry Zhang Ze, not only solve all the problems she face now, but also let Su Family I have dressed in the future.

But if it is married to Chen Mo, the most is to solve his father's current problem, and later she will need Su Mu Bai to solve her with Chen Mo's life.

So make a choice in these two people, it is estimated that even if a fool knows how to choose.

After a moment, Su Mu Bai wore a white long skirt. She came out of the bedroom. She was tall, she was more tall after wearing this long dress, and there was a sexy and charming.

Su Chengkai did not have a company today, but he was sitting on the sofa looking at TV news, he was waiting for Su Mu Bai's decision.

"dad!"

Su Mu Bai shouted with Su Chengkai on the sofa.

"Wake up?"

Su Chengkai smiled back to a sentence.

"Well, I think about it last night. If Mo can't find new investors to invest in companies, I will cancel the marriage contract with him, with Zhang Ze!"

Su Mu Bai whispered.

"Well, Dad respects your decision!"

Su Chengkai has a nodded, then went to Su Mu Bai's whispered: "Little white, Dad knows this thing to make you wronged, I will definitely make up for yours ..."

Su Mu Bai heard the sentence of Su Chengkai, couldn't help but smile, if you marry Zhang Ze, it may not be happy in this life, what is anything to make up for her happiness?

"Time is not early, you hurry to the company!"

Su Chengkai saw that Su Mu Bai did not speak, continue.

"Yep……"

Su Mu Bai nodded gently, then stepped on the high heel and shoe Ting Ting's walking outside the door.

......

More than half an hour.

Su Mu-Bai drove to his own cosmetics company, but it was still unequal Su Mu Bai into the company. The young girl in front desk flustered Zhang Zhang said: "Supreme, those shareholders are waiting for you in the conference room. ""

"I know!"

Su Mu Bai fell back, and then rushed to the position of the conference room.

"Soviet, can you come over? We are all waiting for more than an hour ..."

Su Mu Bai has just opened the door of the meeting room, and a middle-aged man shouted.

"Uncle Zhang still worried that I ran?"

Su Mu Bai looked at the middle-aged people and then walked directly into the meeting room.

After entering the conference room, Su Mu-Bai found that the shareholders who appeared yesterday have come all over, and Zhang Ze also sat in the chair and played with mobile phone.

When Su Mu Bai saw the proud expression on Zhang Ze, he was angry with a disgust in his heart.

In fact, if you don't consider Su Chengkai's company, Su Musearch is willing to marry Chen Mo is also willing to marry Zhang Ze, because Zhang Ze is doing something nausea.

"Soviet, how did you come over?"

"Yeah, yesterday did the kid did not have a vowed to find a new investor? He hasn't come over today?"

"Will it have already ran?"

"Haha, I think that kid is definitely ran, you see his poor acid, how can I find new investors?"

Everyone looked at Su Mu White Soundtrack.

Su Mu Baijiao's slightly fuse, the beauty is full of anger.

Although these people now humiliate Chen Mo, Su Mu Yin is still very uncomfortable.

"Soviet, otherwise I will see that we still don't wait for the kid, you directly give us a fee!"

Middle-aged people clearly know that Su Mu Bai now can't get out of money, but still deliberately shout.

"Now I am 9 o'clock, let's agreeing between noon, what are you anxious!"

Su Mu-white frowned cold voice.

"Oh, I am estimated that even if I wait until 12, the kid should not appear!"

Middle-aged people said faint.

"Chen Mo didn't appear, I am still here, Uncle Zhang, is you very much money?"

Su Mu's voice shouted in the middle-aged people very disgusted.

"Su Mu Bai ..."

Middle-aged people seem to be somewhat not happy, get up and have to follow Su Mu Bai theory.

"Zhang, I think Mu Bai said yes, yesterday, our time is not good at noon, let's wait until noon, anyway, if it is that Chen Mile can't come, Su is still here, it will not give you money. Less you less! "Just at this time, Zhang Ze slowly said.

The middle-aged man snorted after hearing this sentence, did not continue to talk.

And Su Mu, sitting on the chair, waiting for Chen Mo waiting.

......

A blink of an eye.

Everyone waited for more than two hours in the conference room, but Chen Mo did not come over.

"Su Mu Bai, you still plan to let us wait for it, now it is 11:30, the kid is not possible to come over, you still have to send us a fee!"

A middle-aged person finally waited for some impatient, and smashed the beads shouted in Su Mu.

"Yeah, will we wait until?"

"There is no significance of continuing such a waiting, it is better to give us money directly!"

After all of the people heard the middle-aged, they got up and shouted.

And Su Mu Bai sat in the same place, and the eyes flashed a helpless. She took out the mobile phone to call Chen Mo, and asked Chen Mo's situation, but she felt that she called Chen Mo now, Chen Mo should not pick up.

"Hey!"

At this time, the door of the conference room was suddenly opened from the outside.

After all people heard the opening of the door, they came to the position of the door.

Su Mu Bai's beauty also flashed a hopes.

But let the people have not thought that people who come in are not Chen Mo at all, but Soviet Yutu.

Su Yucu found that everyone looked at themselves with a different eye, and it would be a little embarrassing in my heart. I quickly walked to Su Mu Bai.

"The cousin, Chen Mo has not come over?"

Su Yucheng asked.

"No……"

Su Mu Bai shook his head gently.

"That Chen Mo must definitely deceive you, today he will never come over ..." Su Tuyu grinds the silver tooth, and it seems to be a little excited.

"Yeah, Mu Bai, I think you don't have to wait until you are so waiting, the Chen Mo is a liar, he can't find someone to invest in your company!"

Zhang Ze also waited for some impatient, and he got up and shouted in Su Mu.

Su Mu Bai heard this, looked up and looked up Zhang Zeyi.

"Mu Bai, since you have already signed the contract with these people, you must give it, but I know that you can't get this money now, you only need to agree with Chen Mo's wedding contract, then follow I am with it, I will help you pay the dismissal fee of these people! "

"As long as you pay for these people's dismiss, this company is all you said, when you want to do it, you can give you the company's investment, I will also cast, yes, There is also your father's company, I also say it well with my dad, our Zhang Jia will do our best to help you! "

Zhang Ze said softly to Su Mu Bai.

"..."

Su Mu Bai looked at Zhang Ze's expression seems to have some hesitation.

"The cousin, you will promise Zhang Shao, that Chen Mo is impossible today, and why do you affect your life because Chen Mima people? I think you should cancel the marriage contract with Chen Mo, Chen Mogen No, you ... "Su Tuyu seems to be a bit anxious to shout.

Su Mu Bai took a sigh of relief, then he asked Zhang Ze: "Zhang Ze, can you do this?"

"Of course you can do it!"

Zhang Ze smiled nodded.

"That's good, I can cancel the marriage of Chen Mo ..."

"Do you want to cancel my marriage contract, is there a consent?"

This sentence of Su Mu Bai has not finished, and a voice came from the door of the meeting room.

Everyone heard this sentence and turned his hand to the door that just walked into the meeting room.