Chapter 48: They are true!

I was intended to add Chen Mo, Mingmei WeChat. After hearing a girl, I couldn't help but stunned, and then suddenly looked up behind my own body.

It is not someone else to talk to others. It is our own former girlfriend Gao Feifei, and the Gaffef is standing behind Li Kaili Luo Jiao.

"Gao Feifei, what are you doing here?"

Meng Liang saw G G Gifei immediately responded that there was a bit wrong, and even the previous steps shouted.

"Meng Liang, what do you mean? This bar is not your home, you can come over, we can't come over?" Gao Feifei said with a little bit.

"This bar is not my home, but this card holder is us, we don't welcome you now, please hurry!"

Meng Fei Fei clearly higher this time certainly appears there is a purpose, so I want to get rid of as soon as possible high Fifi.

"Meng Liang, we are all classmates, you will not be like this!"

At this time, Li Kai smiled and said.

"Yeah, you have an urgent thinking to rush us, is it because of your guilty?" Xu Jiao also shouted.

Mingmei Wei Jiaqi Li Lele saw that Sudden Gigfifei et al., The expression on his face seems to be a bit, because they still don't know how G G Gifei is with Chen Mo's relationship.

"Heart deficiency? What is I am guilty?"

Meng Liang stunned, wrinkled with a light reflection.

"Yes, what are we deficiency?"

Liu Rui also said.

Only Chen Mo is standing in the location of Gaffeffi Liu Lui, etc., in fact, the moment that Chen Maili appeared from Gaffeffef, who has guess G G G Gifei's several people want to do.

"You are in my heart, I decorate Chen Mo's true face, delay you are right?"

Gao Feifei looked at Meng Liang and then took directly to the high heels to go to the face of Mingmei. It got up and down, smiled and asked: "Should you be a student from Nanyang University?"

"No ..."

Mingmei is not clear at this time, G G G G Gifei wants to do, and shakes his head directly.

"That's right!"

Gaffeffi laughed, then continue: "I will introduce it to you first, my name is G G G Giffi, which is the former girlfriend of Chen Mo ..."

Mingmei heard the words of Gigfifi couldn't help but turn to Chen Mo's position. He is not particularly surprised. After all, Meng Liang has said that Chen Mo is just breaking up with his girlfriend.

"Is there anything you need?"

Mingmei looks at G G G Gifei.

"I don't have anything else, I just want to tell you something about Chen Mo, I am worried that you are so beautiful that Chen Mo is deceived!" Gao Feifei said.

"Gao Feifei, we don't welcome you here, please hurry!"

Meng Liang knows that the expression on his face is more excited after the intention of G G Gifei, and the scorpion shouted.

"Leave? Why do I leave? I haven't finished it yet!"

Gao Feifei was acknowledged, then turned his eyes, whispered: "A few girls are not our Nanyang University students, may not understand Chen Mo, but I know very much, this Chen Mo can be our school. The name of the poor, but also especially very poor, the clothes on his body are more than two years, have never been changed, and there is also Chen Mo's school in our school. In the life of life, I was also separated by Chen Mo. It was because he is too poor, so the hand! "

"..."

After listening to this sentence of Gigfifi, Mingmei is directly in the original place, and the expression is very incredible to see Chen Mo's position.

Although Chen Mo didn't worry in the eyes of Mingmei, Chen Mo did not think that Chen Mo was actually relying on the life in the school. If Chen Mo is really holding life, then how can he have money? Please come to the bar to drink?

When Li Lele, the expression on his face was shocked.

"You may not have some words I said, you don't believe it, you can find someone in Nanyang University, they should know Chen Mo!" Gao Feifei saw Mingmei not talking, continue Say.

"I can also testify this!"

"Yes, I can testify!"

At this time, a part of the bar is a student in Nanyang University. Therefore, when they hear Gaffeen, they also stood up and helped Gigfi.

After all, Chen Mo is still very famous in Nanyang University, and many students know Chen Mo.

Meng Liang stood in the same place with Liu Rui two, and two of them don't know what should be remembered for Chen Mo. After all, everyone is truthful.

Chen Mo has no money is true, Chen Mo's garbage is also true.

"If I don't guess the wrong, these things should not have to say it with you, and if he is still pretending to be rich in Fuqi?" Gao Feifei asked Mingmei to continue.

"He didn't pretend to be rich second generation, he would want to ask me to drink!"

Mingmei bite your red lips low back.

"That's right, please drink money, Chen Mo, should still have, but it is just because Chen Mo has a lot of money in the past few days!" Gao Feifei said with a cold smile.

"Yes, after the Chen Mo's winning, I took these money directly to the classmates in Mingda to eat meals. It seems that I want to install myself is a rich second generation, but in fact, in our classmates, this Chen Mo is A fool, it's hard to win, I have taken it to ask everyone, and I haven't bought a similar dress for myself. It is really ridiculous! "Xu Jiao shouted.

After standing on the side, Liu Di hesitated, and he still stood up and shouted: "Yes, this Chen Mo is also preparing to use 40,000 yuan to threaten me to open a house, but directly I refused, he also Don't look at what yourself, I still want to open a house with me, really want to eat swan meat! "

Before Gao Feifei and Xu Jiao said, Chen Mume did not respond any reaction, but after hearing the words of Gaffefei, Chen Mer couldn't help but looked up with Gaffey.

But Chen Mo did not open anything to refute, and there is no expression in place.

As if Chen Mo, Chen Mo has defailed, Gaffeffi Xu Jiao said these things.

And the expression on the Mingmei face is extremely embarrassed. She has always been very arrogant. She has never received any pursuit of any boys. I have a little interest in Chen Mo, but she didn't think that Chen Mo would actually be such a one. people.

If this thing is to pass it into your own school, Mingmei may become a joke of all students.

After the Mingmei hesitated, he was directly twisted to Chen Mo's position, and then he asked Chen Mail at the big eyes of Water Wang: "Chen Mo, what kind of people do you have said?"

"..."

Chen Mer is sitting in the same place, still does not speak, and there is no anti-reflection.

"I asked you, is it true?"

Mingmei looked at Chen Mo's continued shouting.

"Yeah, Chen Mo, you talk!" Meng Liang also shouted at this time.

Chen Mo took a sigh of relief, then said that there was no expression: "Yes, they are true!"