Chapter 75: Can I add your WeChat?

Duyan walked in the middle-aged person to walk into the sales office, the expression on the face became excited, and quickly walked to the middle-aged people, then smiled and said: "Three uncle, You can come over. If you are not coming today, I have to be bullied by these people ... "

"You know every day, give me a life, I have said to you, how many times, I don't have a low mark outside!"

The middle-aged people have no expression.

"Three uncle, this time you are really married, this time isn't I urge others, but some people take the initiative to be difficult me, I really have no way, so talented ..."

Duyan's sentence has not been finished, suddenly found that the body of the middle-aged body is slightly fiddlming, and the expression is very shocked to watch Chen Mo's position.

"Three uncle, what happened to you?"

Du Yanyan asked the middle-aged man.

The middle-aged people did not take care of Duyan, but quickly walked to Chen Mo, and said that he was very respectful: "Chen Gongzi, how are you here?"

After listening to this sentence of middle-aged people, the middle people were in a stupid, and the expression on the face was surprisingly, and they both widened, Zhang Danedi.

Duyan's shouting rescue actually met Chen Mo, and it was able to feel that Duyan's three uncle seems to respect Chen Mo.

"What is going on? Duyan's uncle actually knows Chen Mo?"

Mingmei looked at Chen Mo's position, the expression on the face is abnormal.

Chen Miman looked up and looked at the middle-aged people in front of him. In fact, Chen Mo did not think that the original Duyan rescue is just Du Tianhao.

In fact, Chen Mo has also plans to call Du Tianhao, let Du Tianhao deal with this Duyan, but he did not expect Duyan to help himself shouting Du Tianhao.

"Three uncle, do you know this kid?"

Du Yanyu, asked Du Tianhao.

"Snapped!"

Du Tianhao saw Duyan's two words called Chen Mo, and I didn't want to turn around, it was a slap in the face of Duyan.

Everyone saw Du Tianhao played Duyan, and the expression on his face seems to be more disjuded.

Duyan's salvation not only did not help Duyan, but in contrast, the Duyan is a slap, what is this story?

"Three ... Three uncle, what do you do?"

Duyan took his own face and asked with abnormal expression.

"I apologize to Chen Gongzi!"

Du Tianhao shouted with Du Yan.

"I apologize to him? Just now, this person is bullying me, not letting me go!" Duyan shouted.

"I now let you apologize to Chen Gongzi, have you not heard?"

Du Tianhao has already guess what is going on, it is definitely a contradiction between Duyan and Chen Mai, so Du Yan will call himself to make himself.

If this thing is replaced with others today, Du Tianhao must be standing on Duyan, but who can think of Duyan's sin is an active boss. Chen Mo.

Du Tianhao is very clear that Chen Mo is the chairman of the company, and the trillions of assets are sitting on the level of assets. Even if Li Juncheng's level is giving Chen Mo, how can he be criminalized because of a Duyan?

"Three uncle ..."

Du Yan seems to be a little unwilling.

"I let you kneel down to Chen Mo, is you ?" Du Tianhao shouted with Duyan with an angry expression.

Duyan is hesitating for two seconds in place. He has never seen Du Tianhao's so serious. At this time, Du Tianhao's reaction can only explain a problem, that is, Chen Mo is in the presence of him.

So Duyan is hesitating for two seconds, and it is really kneeling in front of Chen Mo.

Sun Wei saw Du Yanyu, after Chen Mo's face, he felt that his last hope is completely inexpensive.

Original Sun Wei intends to borrow the power of Duyan's home, good teach Chen Mo, from the new establishment of the prestige in the sales office.

But who can think that Duyan's salvation is coming, not only does not help Duyan, but the opposite will still let Duyan give Chen Mo!

Mingmei is more than the intestines. First, Chen Mima can spend money to buy the more than 70 million villas have made Mingmei changed the view of Chen Mo, and why did you believe in G G Gwe yesterday? !

At this time, she saw Duyan went down, and her heart regretted.

If you add Chen Mo's WeChat, I have actively, and I can become a girlfriend of Chen Mo.

Unfortunately, she missed these things.

"Chen Gongzi, I am sorry, this thing is mine!"

Du Yany bite the teeth, and the teeth are screaming in Chen.

Chen Mo lost his eyes and didn't speak.

At this time, everyone in the scene was all stupid after seeing Du Yanyi.

They completely understand this time, Chen Mo is not only a super rich second-generation, but the background is still very powerful, or Du Tianhao is absolutely impossible to be this attitude.

Sun Wei Mingmei et al. Today is a person who should not provoke.

And Mingmei even feels that he is really ridiculous. She still thinks that Chen Mo will apologize with Duyan Road. I can send Chen Mo's smooth and water. When Chen Mo refuses her, Mingmei still feels Chen Mo, I don't know how the sky is thick. .

It seems that people Chen Mo did not put Duyan and others in the eyes at all, so it would be so confident.

"What monsters are Chen Mo? It is a super rich second generation, and it is usually installed in the school is a spoken silk ..."

Mingmei instantly feels that your own brain is somewhat not enough, she is really no way to understand Chen Mo's behavior.

Wang Yaoyao died in a pair of beauty and died of Chen Mo's position, she didn't expect to be such a result.

Duyan shouted the rescue did not choose to help Duyan, but standing here.

Zhang Ming Wang is also a shock of a face, and Du Tianhao is what the existence of this side in Nanyang City. This two people are very clear.

But who can think of this is such a big man in the sky. At this time, I was actually a knees.

Wang Zhongqiang couldn't help but play again. When you dress, it was very common, and the heart was shocked.

"Xiaoli, is this person are your nephew?"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly opened his mouth and asked Du Tianhao.

Everyone heard Chen Mo's sentence, the expression on his face was surprised, no one thought that Chen Mo actually shouted in Nanyang City to dominate the big brother Du Tianhao for Xiaoyuan!

Is this called a little too big?

"Yes, Chen Gongzi!"

Du Tianhao nodded nervous.

"Since it is your nephew, and now I have already admitted, then I don't even have it to be him on your face!"

Chen Mo slowed down.

"Thank you Chen Gongzi!"

Du Tianhao shouted, and then shouted at Duyan: "What do you still do? Thank you Chen Gongzi?"

"Thank you Chen Gongzi, thank you Chen Gongzi!"

Duyan shouted.

"I now let Wang Zhongqiang once remained your girlfriend, do you have any opinions?"

Chen Mo asked in Duyan with his eyes.

"No opinions have no opinions ..."

Du Yan wants to shake his head.

"If you have no opinion!"

Chen Mo looked at Du Yanyi smiled, then gently put his hand: "Okay, you can roll now, don't let me see you in the future!"

Du Yan heard Chen Mo's sentence as he blocked, and quickly got up and rushed to the sales office.

After Sun Wei hesitated, he also turned and he fled with Duyan to escape from this sales office.

Only a beautiful one is left, and the eyes are sluggish, Chen Mo sitting on the sofa. At this time, she doesn't know how to describe her own mood. She now knows what she missed last night!

"Why don't you go?"

Chen Mo seems to have noticed the Mingmei standing on the side and asked softly.

"Chen Mo, can I add your WeChat?"

Mingmei hesitated, say this, let Chen Mo feel hard to laugh.