Chapter 96: Yanmei's Comfort

"Jingle Bell!"

The time of the class has passed very quickly.

After heard the ringtone, Yan Mermel, took the teaching material to step on the classroom.

"The class teacher of our class is a best. If I can find such a girlfriend, even if I let Laozi live for ten years, I will be happy ..." Liu Rui looked at the back of Yanmea, I couldn't help but sigh. A sentence.

"How? How many hand is prepared again this evening?"

Meng Liang smiled back to a sentence.

"It is estimated that it is also a volume ..."

Liu Rui's expression replied seriously.

Chen Mo listened to Liu Rui and Meng Liang's dialogue, couldn't help but recall the dialogue with Yanmeus before you.

In fact, the students who are very clear. The students in the class look at her, but Chen Mo feels that the woman who looks open, but the dress is also very sexy, but the bones are still very traditional, at least not outside. So

"Chen Mo!"

At this time, the eyes that have already been coming out of the classroom have come back and stand at the door and shouted Chen Mo.

"Teacher, what happened?"

Chen Mo listened to Yanme and whispered, he was busy and asked.

"You come out with me, I have some words to tell you!"

The Yan Xiao returned, and then walked directly from the classroom.

Chen Mo hesitated, and then he came out with Yan Xia.

Meng Liang and Liu Rui saw that Chen Mo left, and the eyes flashed in the eyes.

"Brightz, have you found that Chen Miles have recently taken a few recently?" Liu Rui said with Meng Liang.

"It's really near!"

Meng Liang took a little bit and nodded, and then he continued to say: "What happened between Chen Mo's class teacher?"

"You can pull it down, how can the class teacher may look at Chen Mo!" Liu Rui seems to say some speechless.

"How is it impossible, Chen Mo is not a poor? In addition to the poor, there is no shortcoming, the length is also very good, the class teacher is not a matter of nothing!" Meng Liang light back A sentence.

"..."

Liu Rui heard the phrase of Meng Liang, I couldn't help but nod, then nodded: "Yinzi, I just listened to you, it seems to be so real, the class teacher should be quite rich. , Must not care if Chen Mo has no money, maybe these two people really have anything! "

"When Chen Mo, Chen Mo will come back, I have to ask!"

Meng Liang said with his teeth.

......

On the other hand, Chen Mo came out after the classroom.

Yan Weme found a place where no one stopped, and then looked back to Chen Mo.

At this time, Chen Mo is also watching Yan, no way, this woman is too charming. Chen Mo is a deep gully between the soul of the eyes of the eyes, but it is still unsained to look at the temptation of the eyes. It is a good thing to look at the end, and the woman's body is simply perfect.

The crisp is towering, the legs are long straight, the waist is slim, there is no way to find any disadvantages.

"Is it enough?"

At this time, Yanme suddenly opened Chen Mo.

"Teacher, you are really too charming ..."

Chen Mo heard the words of Yanme, and smiled back and returned.

Yan Yom, gently whiten Chen Mo, reached out from his clothes, and said: "This is my friend's business card, her bar opened today, the business card has the address of the bar, you afternoon After the class, I will take my name after the class, I will mention my name, salary is one hundred dollars a day, you can settle the day! "

"Thank you, teacher!"

Although Chen Mo didn't want to be a bar waiter, but after all, he had agreed to Yanme, so it was not refused now.

"You don't have to thank me, my friend is not very good, you are best not to provoke her!"

Yanme whispered.

"Ok!"

Chen Mai nodded again.

"Okay, I have to say it to you, you go back!" Yanme hooks Chen Mo, and then turned to leave.

Chen Migan turned his head to the location of the classroom.

"Right, Chen Mo!"

Just when Chen Mo had just turned back, Yanme suddenly shouted.

"Teacher, is there anything?"

Chen Mimo hurts his head.

"Chen Mo, our school has recently happened to theft, you should know?" Yanme glantly asked Chen Mail.

Chen Mo listened to this, couldn't help but have some grievances, because he felt that Yanme said this sentence is also doubting himself.

"I ... I know!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

"You know, you are also careful, there are many students in the class may be misunderstood, but there is no relationship, I know that you are not that kind of person, you don't have to care about others, wait until I find that The thief, this is the misunderstanding will be released! "

Yan Teen said that Chen Mo said very seriously.

Chen Mo looked at the Yanmei in front of him, and the haze in his heart was swept away, and there was an inexplicably touched.

He originally thought that Yanme is now misunderstood himself, so it is very wronged inside, but he didn't expect Yanmu at this time to comfort himself.

"Okay, there is nothing else, you remember to go to the bar!"

Yan Mo saw Chen Mo did not speak, directly turned away from the distance.

Chen Mo looked at Yanmea's beautiful back, and the heart was full of emotion.

After Chen Mo has money, he has seen too many people, but also feel that these people have treated their changes, but some people will pay attention to themselves no matter what they have money or no money.

"Chen Mo, don't look at it, go to the sports class!"

At this time, Meng Liang came out of the classroom from Liu Rui, and Meng Liang shouted with Chen Mo.

"understood!"

Chen Mo fell back, then turned around to walk in a few people in Mengliang.

"Chen Mo, you have recently taken a little close to the class teacher of our class! What is your two?" Liu Rui got Chen Mai's neck and smiled.

"Yeah, Chen Mo, the teacher, why is you always looking for you?" Meng Liang asked.

"She is looking for me because I have to go to her friend's bar to do partie-time, if you are interested, I can give this opportunity to you!"

Chen Mo said some helpless explanation.

"That is still forbe, I don't do something part-time!" Liu Rui heard this, and quickly put his hand.

"I don't have any interest ..." Meng Liang was busy with said.

......

At the same time, the classroom of the class.

Li Kai Gao Feifei Liu Luo Hongtao and others have been chatting on the table, and there is no longer left.

After a few minutes, students in the class are almost the same, and only the leader of the squad leader Zhao An'an is sitting in place.

At this time, Zhao An'an's face seems to be a little entangled, because her school bag has a class fee just received, she is thinking about the flight.

Li Kai is clearly clear, if Zhao An An takes the flight, then their plan can not be implemented.

So Li Kai directly turned his head to Gaffeffi Liu Lu Xu Jiao.

Gao Feifei immediately understood that Li Kai's meaning, got up and went to Zhao An'an, laughing and smiling: "How do you have not yet? Let's go to the sports class!"

"I……"

Zhao An An Zhang said that Xu Jiao reached out directly to Zhao An'an's arm, and then said with anxious: "What are you waiting for? Let's wait for a while! Sport teacher is not good, We are late to be awkward ... "

To talk, Xu Jiao Gao Feifei walked out of the classroom.

After Li Kai hesitated, he also came out of the class with several girls.

After Zhao An'an and others left, only Zhao Hongtao left in the class.