Chapter 84: Is there anyone to send my villa?

Su Mu Bai knows that this is the general manager of the Jinxiu Manor, and it flaslen into a variety of people.

"Hello, do you have anything to find?"

Su Mu Bai hesitated, whispered.

"Miss Su, are you looking at the house today?" Wang Zhongxiang asked.

Su Mu Bai heard this later, it was only to react it, it must be because he went to the sales office today. The other person wants to ask the house how to see, when can I buy a thing, Su Mu White There have been no less than a few days, and I have never received a lot of calls.

However, like Wang Zhongqiang called this general manager, Su Mu Bai is still in the first time.

"I am going to your sales office this afternoon. Your house is really quite good, but I may not be intended to buy it now. If I want to buy it, I will call you again!"

Su Mu-Bai said this will plan to hang up the phone.

"Miss Su, you mean what I mean, I don't ask you to buy a house!"

Wang Zhongqiang shouted.

"Not asking me when I buy a house is what? I want to ask how the staff at the sales office is?" Su Mu Bai's tone is more confusion.

"Miss Su, this is the case, I will call you, I want to tell you, I have already bought it now, then give you, then give it to you, you see that you are now convenient to come and sign a house. contract?"

Wang Zhongxiang said.

"Someone bought it down and gave it to me. You won't joke with me? That villa is more than 70 million!"

After hearing this sentence in King's strong, Su Mu Bai has grown up his eyes in an instant. The expression on his face is very incredible.

"Miss Su, I didn't joify you, I said these are true, now you only need to bring your ID card to ask us to buy a house!"

Wang Zhongqiang said quickly.

Su Mu Bai took a mobile phone for two seconds, and then whispered: "Your trick is really too low, how can someone give me a villa? I am not a fool, it is impossible. Be super! "

After saying this, Su Mu Bai didn't say the phone directly, and then said with a small mouth: "Now these sales offices are too uncomfortable. I went to them this afternoon to see the house, there is actually there. Scam calls in! "

Obviously, Su Mu Bai felt that someone who sold the building leaked his mobile phone number, and Wang Zhongqiang is a scammer of fraud, first, saying that someone wants to give himself a villa, and then take Su Mu. Various costs.

Such a trick is actually very common, and there are many people in society.

"What is the cousin?"

Southern Suiyu saw Su Mu Bai hanging up the call and smiled.

"Did n'tbe, it is a fraud phone!"

Su Mu Bai did not put this phone at all, and the tone was calm.

"Just now I heard that someone bought it to you?" Su Yuci continued to ask.

"Yes, the villa is worth more than 7,000, how can someone buy it down?" Su Mu Bai sighed.

"That is not necessarily, Chen Mo is not to send it to you? Maybe it is really Chen Mile to buy?" Su Tu Yu is like laughing.

"Xiaoyu, can you don't joking here, who doesn't know that Chen Mo is a poor student, how can he have money to buy the villa?"

Su Mu-white expression was unusually helpless.

"Oh, the cousin, maybe Chen Mo is a relatively low-key rich second generation? People may not be in the school, but in fact, there is especially rich in money, and then buy this villa today Give it to you down! "

Although Su Tu Yu said so, in fact, she didn't believe that Chen Mozhen bought a villa to give Su Mu Bai, because Chen Mo is a poor silk, almost all people who know him know.

"Xiaoyu, you don't have the old man, Chen Mo, kidding, Chen Mo is not a poor, in fact, it is not as bad as you said!"

Su Mu Bai said.

"He didn't say so bad? I met her for the first time, he deliberately fell to take me cheap, and I also found a sister, you have 10,000 yuan for 10,000 yuan every month. The most intimate is, last time I gave the money to Chen Mo, Chen Mo lost the money, and I got a half-day to grab it, less than 50,000 yuan, I now think of this, kill his heart! "

Soviet Yuru is very excited.

"Last time you go to Chen Mo, you will definitely be because Chen Mo said, Chen Mo will throw money away, don't think I don't know what is going on!" Su Mu Bai gently white Su Yucai The two are from small to large, what is the character of Su-crew jade, she is still very understandable.

After Siupuyu heard this, spit his little tongue, whispered: "On the day, I didn't talk to Chen Mo, who knew that his temper was so big ..."

"Everyone is dignified, you still pay attention to your attitude towards others!" Su Mu Bai slowly said.

"Chen Mo is a soft rice, what is the dignity of eating soft rice? My most look at the most in my life is food!"

"you……"

Su Mu Bai said that he had to talk, suddenly found his ringtone again.

Su Mu Bai hesitated and picked up the phone to connect to the phone.

"Miss Su, hello!" Wang Zhongqiang's voice sounded.

"I haven't you said to you? Your trick is really too low, I can't be good, it is impossible to give me a villa, so you don't harass me. ? "

Su Mu Bai heard the voice of Wang Zhongqiang, and the tone appeared to shout.

"Miss Su, I didn't lie to you ..."

"If you call me again, I will do it now." Su Mu Bai said with a little angry.

"Miss Su, you can now look at the number I call you, this is the phone number of our sales office. If I am a liar, how can I call you with this number?

"And, there is, we now need you to spend a penny now, you only need to come to our sales office, if I am a liar, I dare to come to the sales office?" Wang Zhongqiang speed quickly Explanation.

Su Mu Bai heard this, quickly saw the call number above his mobile phone, the tail number is five eight.

In order to understand the information of the villa, Su Mu Bai took the initiative to turn on the phone of the Jinxiu Manor, and the number used by Wang Zhongqiang at this time is exactly the same!

"Don't anyone buy it down?"

Su Mu Bai's expression was very incredible.

The words followed by Chen Mo before flashing with her mind.