Chapter 18: Hitting Beauty

"Yes, Chen Gongzi, because you are now an ordinary person, you can't expose your identity in front of Su Miss, so you are the home of Sujia's home!"

Li Juncheng said slowly.

"No, you let me marry a ugly eight blame, not married, now I still let me go to the door, is it too too much?"

Chen Sime is still very contradicting this son-in-law, and Chen Si's excitement shouted.

"Chen Gongzi, this is the rule of Wang Chairman. At that time, he was written inside, just that you didn't look good at the time!" Li Juncheng said very helplessly.

"What should this king in the end? How many things do you inherit his legacy? I know that I didn't sign at the time!"

Chen Mo is obviously a little collapsed.

"That Chen Gongzi, is you planning to give up the inheritance legacy?" Li Juncheng asked.

"amount……"

Chen Mer was speechless, then he hesitated and biting his teeth: "When do I say to give up?"

It's hard to turn from a poor to the world's richest, this is only the time in the past day, Chen Mo, certainly do not want to give up.

"I just ask, there is nothing else!" Li Juncheng smiled.

"When can I show my real identity in front of Sujia?"

Chen Mo hesitated and asked softly.

"As long as you are married to Miss Su!"

Li Juncheng said faintly.

"OK, I know!"

After Chen Mo finished this, the expression was very annoyed.

Originally, Chen Mo saw Liu Di and Yan Yue, two big beautiful women took off her clothes, and the heart was full of expectations for her future girlfriend, but Li Juncheng's call directly broke all of Chen Mo's fantasy.

"What Su Mu Bai is definitely a no one wants ugly, and I still let me give them a woman, this is what is going on?"

Chen Mimi is very depressed, then walking towards the position of the classroom.

At this time, Chen Sime is the understanding of the four words of the on-site son-in-law. Only that there is no such thing in the invasion, it will give others to the door, Chen Mile is very poor, but this does not mean Chen Mo without bone.

Even when Chen Mo is the poorest, he did not give someone a woman's idea.

Perhaps because Chen Mima is thinking about what is going to meet the unmarried wife Su Mu Bai, so I didn't pay attention to a girl from the corner.

"!"

The body of the two people directly hit together, and the opposite girl was dressed in a pair of ten centimeter high heels, which was hit by Chen Mo, and the whole person fell back.

"what……"

The girl's ability to scream, and then completely standing in the reach of the instinct, Chen Mo's clothes.

Chen Mo's heart is unstable, and the girls have fallen directly to the girl.

"No……"

After the girl saw Chen Mima, he quickly shouted, but helpless has been too late.

"!"

Chen Mo's body smashed his girl's body, two people fell to the ground at the same time.

And the most made Chen Mo didn't think of it, his head did not bother directly to the soft and towering of the two regiments.

"Very elastic!"

This is the idea of ​​Chen Mo's heart.

After the girl saw Chen Mo's head, after the top of his crisp, the moment was in the original place.

"What do you do in me? You a big wolf, you will give me a good time!"

The girl is very angry and angry.

Chen Mo heard this later, although the girl's beauty is very comfortable, Chen Mo is not a metamorphosis, so the instinct wants to climb, but both hands suddenly slippery, I originally got it once again. Pressing the girl's positive body, the tapped thoracic deformation of the chest.

"You ... you hurry up!"

The girl was as if Chen Mo's seems to say something, and the expression was very excited.

Chen Mo is busy standing quickly, and the girl sees that Chen Mo will slowly stand and check it out and check your body.

Chen Mo got up and down the girls in front of him, wearing a white dress, stepped on a pair of high heels, the legs and slender, the crispy chest tower, the long phase is also very beautiful, a delicate appetite Micro-wrinkle, double eyem, pretty Qiong nasal, plus the delicate little mouth, the whole person looks beautiful and fashionable.

"I have recently been a little walking in the past few days!"

Chen Mer couldn't help but sigh soft inside.

At this time, the girl couldn't help but got up and lost Chen Mo. After seeing the clothes on Chen Silent, it flashed a context.

"Isn't you just walking? Do you deliberately want to take me cheap, so is it not to hit me?" Xiaomei female expression was very excited to rush through Chen Mo.

"Big sister, can you speak? Just clearly you hit me, then you put me down, now how do I want to take you cheap?" Chen Mo listened to the little beauty. And the tone is helpless.

"It is what you want to take me cheap, you are really disgusting this kind of colorful wolf, you don't look at what you have grown into a look, even my cheap dare to accoup it?"

The little girl shouted.

Chen Mo looked at this girl in front of this girl, I didn't know what to say, although the female growth was very beautiful, the character is really too violent.

"Xiaoyu, what happened?"

At this time, I have never walked in a few people, including boys and girls, but whether they are boys and girls, wearing a dress is very fashionable, with Chen Mo has formed a distinct contrast.

"..."

When the girl heard this, he went to see his companion. He didn't speak. After all, she didn't want others to know what he had just learned by Chen Mo.

After a young woman who was infected with the yellow hair, I got up and down, I got up and down, frowning: "It is your poor silk ..."

Chen Mo knows this youth in front of him. This youth is called Zhang Li. It is also a student of Nanyang University. The family conditions are good, and Li Kai's relationship is very good, there is no less humiliated Chen Mo in the school.

"Xiaoyu, this is bullied by this bursting?" Zhang Li pointed to Chen Mo.

"Is it broken?"

When the girl heard the words of Huang Mao Youth, he couldn't help but stunned, then wrinkled his brow: "Tension, do you know this person?"

"Of course, this kid can be very famous in our school. It is basically no one to know him. It usually often grabs the bottle in the school with a broken old man. It is the most famous light egg in our school. I heard a few When he is, it seems to have made your girlfriend, but it is also, such a poor silk is not worthy of girlfriend ... "Tensic words did not give Chen Mo any face, tone very disdain.

And the girls who have heard the tensile color in the merits in this sentence, as if it is more rich.

"Xiaoyu, is this person bullied? He is bullying you, I will let him apologize for you now!"

Zhang Li shouted.

Chen Mo listened to this sentence, couldn't help but got up and looked at the tension, and the eyes did not speak calm.

......