Chapter 36: Wang Yaoyao's plan!

Chen Mo looked at Lin Xi standing in front of him, I really don't know what to say.

He didn't think of it. It turned out that Lin Xi believed that Chen Mo gave her a villa because it would be doing this, but in fact, Chen Sime did not have such an idea.

"Mr. Chen, you can rest assured, I have been very clean, I have never found my boyfriend, my body is clean!"

After Lin Xi saw Chen Mo did not talk, he quickly added a sentence.

Chen Mo got up and looked at Lin Xi, and he had to say that this girl is still the body or the picture. It is very towering. The breast is towering. The beautiful legs under the cowboy shorts have long slender, the waist is slender, and the exquisite pretty face is simple. A trace of cute, only the body's dress is slightly pleasant, but once if you feel aspirated, you can't say that you can compare the best beauty like Su Mu, but it is absolutely much beautiful than Gao Feifei.

If you replace Chen Mo before, there is such a beautiful woman to send the door, Chen Mo may really be a heart.

But helpless, Chen Mo has already met Su Mu, although Su Mu Bai is just a fiancee above his own name, but when Chen Sime is still not wanting to have any ideas happening with other women.

At the very least, when Su Mu Bai didn't make anything sorry for Chen Mo, Chen Mo would not make sorry for Su Mu Bai.

"I think you may have something to mean!"

Chen Mo hesitated and said softly to Lin Xi.

"Misunderstood?"

Lin Xi listened to Chen Mo, and there was a villain.

"I gave your villa. In fact, there is nothing else. Just look at you are bullied, this villa may be very expensive to exist, but in my eyes, it can't be What, it is like you have no money to go home now, I gave you a hundred dollars as a toll, I didn't want any return! "

Chen Mo looked at the release of Lin Xi slowly.

Chen Yaoyao, who was just coming over, and Wang Yaoyao couldn't help but took a breath, and his face was extremely helpless.

After all, she still heard someone who had a more than six million villas into one hundred dollars, which is the whole day, which is good?

But she may not know that this six million in the eyes of Chen Mo may not be as good as ordinary people in the eyes of ordinary people!

"Mr. Chen, do you really don't let me be your mistress?"

Lin Xi looked at Chen Mo's expression.

"No……"

Chen Mer shook his head.

"Since this is the case, you can't want it!" Lin Xi hesitated and biting his red lips shouted.

"why?"

Chen Mo said very unexpectedly and asked in Lin Xi.

"I ... I feel unresponsive, your villa is so expensive, you will give it to me like this, I have no way to accept ..." Lin Xi whispered.

"I have just explained you, this point of this money is nothing to do, don't have any psychological burden!"

Chen Mima is unusually helpless, he didn't think that Lin Xi this girl would actually be so stubborn, not to give himself a villa.

Is Chen Mo still encountered which girl took the initiative to send the door to want to give him a lover!

You must know when Chen Mo has no money, but if a girl will look down on Chen Mo, even G G Gifei is also true.

This may be the change of money to Chen Mile!

"but……"

"Lin Xi, why don't you understand things? People Chen Gongzi want to send your villa, you will accept it, or don't live up to the beauty of people Chen Gongzi!"

At this time, Wang Yaoyao suddenly went to Lin Xi, and loudly persuaded the Lin Xi.

"Mang Manager, I really don't dare to accept this so much!"

If Chen Mima wants to packet the forest, and send it to the Lin Xi a villa. Lin Xins can also accept it. After all, this villa is exchanged with his own body!

But at this time, Chen Mo did not have anything, and Lin Xi obviously has no way to accept.

"Lin Xi, if I have not remembered it, is my father not being sick? And there is no money in your home, do you have no money to do your father? Now you just sell this villa, you have money to give you The father did surgery, I am not right? "Wang Yaoyao looked at Lin Xi.

Lin Xi heard Wang Yaoyao's sentence couldn't help but stunned, then looked up to Chen Mo's position.

"You can rest assured, since I have given you this villa, I have no meaning to come back. Now this villa is yours, you want to do it!"

Chen Mo said softly.

Lin Xi looked at Chen Mo in front of him. The expression on his face was very excited. He shouted with Chen Mo: "Mr. Chen, I am so thank you, I don't know how to thank you ..."

"You don't have to thank me!"

Chen Mo fell back, and then turned directly to go outside the sales office.

Lin Xi Wang Yao Yao two only followed by Chen San, and sent Chen Mo to the sales office.

"Lin Xi, you go back first, I have some things to say to Chen Gongzi ..."

Wang Yaoyao saw Lin Xi and always followed him, casually found an excuse to drive Lin Xi away.

Lin Xi hesitated this, there is no more to say anything, directly turned to return to the sales office.

Wang Yaoyao stepped on high heels twisted a little butt shouted: "Chen Gongzi, you wait for me ..."

"Do you have anything?"

Chen Mimo watched Wang Yaoyao and asked calmly.

At this time, Chen Mo's impression of Wang Yao Yao is not very good, so Chen Mo has not taken care of Wang Yao Yao.

"Chen Gongzi, did you say that you think that the house of our property does not match your identity?"

"We also have a villa area in the suburbs. If you are interested, I can take you in the past, the real estate there is a new property, what kind of price is available, you can find you like!"

Wang Yaoyao deliberately went to a position that Chen Mo is very close, and said to Chen Mo.

"Today's time is late, wait for the opportunity to have a chance!"

After Chen Mail, it relieved.

"Chen Gongzi, now it is not very early, let's take a look, after all, the good house may be the most people!" Wang Yaoyao is like a glance with Chen Mile.

Chen Mo listened to Wang Yaoyao to say, there seems to be a little hesitant.

In fact, Wang Yao is deliberately wanting to take Chen Mo to see the house at this time. After all, the sales office will have to take more than an hour from the suburbs, two people can take a look at the house.

In this case, Wang Yao will have the opportunity to let Chen Mo will go home. Once Chen Mo wants to enter his own home, the Wang Yao Yao can look down on the night.

At that time, Wang Yaoyao as long as you can find a chance, you can cook with Chen Mo's rice.

Wang Yaoyao is sexy, and the long phase is exquisite, so she feels that as long as she takes off the standing, Chen Mo must not refuse to go to bed with himself.