Chapter 92: The wicked can be invisible!

Hotel room.

Wen Rui directly pressed Chen Mo on the bed, then moved the movement of Chen Mo's clothes.

Chen Mili has a very crash inside, because it is the second time in Wen Ruo, this is the second time he is not polite, but the Wen Ruo is more direct, and the Mingmei is just a few, but it is just a close. However, this Wen Ruo actually reached his own clothes.

"Wen Rui, what are you doing?"

Although Chen Mo's heart recognizes that Wen Ruo, whether it is a body or a color value is the best in the best, but even if it is, it can't come to a sentence, don't finish the clothes?

Chen Mo felt this is an insult to himself. If you have a clothes, you have to be Chen Mo, press Wen Ruo, you will be in bed!

"..."

Wen Ruo seems to have not heard Chen Mo's words, with his own fairy beautiful legs, dead pressing on Chen Mo's thigh, the little hand keeps in Chen Silent.

"Not a strong!"

Chen Mo's pretty face is shameful, and the eyes are very blur, plus now Wen Ruo's behavior is really surprising, even if you really want to repay Chen Mo, don't you need to use this way?

"Chen Mo, come and take off my clothes, I am hot, ask you, hurry ..."

Wen Rui breathed the urgent rushing on Chen Mo.

At this time, Wen Ruo is shameful, and the red lips who want to drop slightly, there is a kind of impulse that I can't help but want to go.

"Is Wen Ruozhi was taken by Zhang Feng?"

Chen Sime flashed a thought.

"Chen Mo, ask you, hurry up ..."

When Wen Ruo is lost, it is a losing reason, and it is rushing to Chen Mo.

Speaking of the heart, Chen Mo is now there is really a kind of impulse that wants to put Wen Ruo in bed. After all, Wen Ruo's body is so good. At this time, it is just above Chen Mai's body, between two people, Chen Mo can clearly feel clearly Wen Ruo's softness, plus Wen Ruo is still so active, it is estimated that as long as a man will be a bit movement.

But Chen Mo turned to think about it, if he really happened to Wen Ruo, what is the difference between his current behavior with Zhang Feng?

Therefore, Chen Mo's power, directly pushed the Wen Ruo on his body.

And Wen Ruo saw that Chen Mo's launch, stunned, immediately took off her T-shirt, showing the sexy black lace underwear, and towering the towering double peaks.

After seeing this scene, Chen Mo couldn't help but swallow the mouth, and then shouted in Wen Ruo: "Wen Rui, what are you doing? Put your clothes quickly ..."

"Do you like me to take off your clothes?"

Wen Ruo bite the back of the lips and returned back, and then reached out to take off his skirt.

Chen Merloo was busy stopping Wen Ruo, then shouted: "Wen Ruo, can you calm? Do you know what you are doing? ......"

"I ... I can't calm, I am very uncomfortable! I know what I am doing now, I want to go to bed with you ..."

Wen Ruo's expression was very tempting to shouting with Chen Mo, and then reached out and rushed to Chen Mo's chest.

Wen Ruo is feeling that Chen Siles is on the male atmosphere, and the towering double peak fluctuation is also more obvious, and the breathing is urgent.

"..."

After Chen Mo saw Wen Ruo, I immediately reached out to put Wen Ruo's bed, and then wrap the Wen Ruo's body with the quilt.

"Chen Mo, what are you doing? You release me ... I am hot ... I ask you, help me take your clothes ..."

Wen Ruoyuan found that his body was wrapped in the quarter and started to struggle, and he kept Chen Mo who kept him with his own long legs. come out.

Chen Mo is worried that if you put the Wen Ruo, you can't stop the temptation of Wen Ruo, what happened to this woman, if you really happen, things can be troublesome.

And Wen Ruo is struggling, after almost a few hours, I don't know if it is tired or the medicine is retired. After the twice, the eyes are slow and closed, lying in the quilt is fascinating.

"It can be stopped!"

Chen Mo saw Wen Rui fell asleep, and he had a long out of breath, then turned around to lying on the side of Wen Rui.

"I didn't expect this medicine to be so powerful, and the woman like Wen Ruo is so crazy, it is too incredible!"

Chen Mimi lies in bed and sighs a sentence.

Just in order to uniform Wen Ruo, Chen Mo also consumed a lot of physical strength, so Chen Mo's lying down less than half a minute, and he slept in the past.

......

the other side. Su Mu Bai and Su Jade were found in the address of Chen Mer's home, and I came directly to Chen Mo's home. I would like to find Chen Union asked about the villa.

But two people have waited for nearly two hours, Chen Mo is still not coming back.

"The cousin, otherwise we don't wait, do you see what Chen Mer is living? Is this small room living? How can he really have money to buy a villa? ? "Su Yucu has completely dismissed Chen Mile to buy a villa for this villa for Su Many.

Su Mu Bai heard the sentence of Su-crew jade, and then took out his mobile phone to dialed Chen Mo's phone, but Chen Mo is still shut down.

"What is Chen Mo didn't do it, how did the phone have been shut down!"

Su Mu's voice shouted helplessly, then turned his head and said: "Okay, so late, we are waiting here, or go back!"

"I have long been gone, Chen Mai's kind of poor silk can't afford a villa, and we should not come over today!"

The Su Jade is back to the small mouth, then follow the Su Mu Bai left the community.

......

7 o'clock next day.

Chen Mo woke up from the sleep, then slowly opened his eyes.

When Chen Mo opened his eyes, it was directly in the original place, and the expression on his face was very surprised.

Because he found that Wen Ruo is like an eight-legged fish, it is dead, and the white and tender arms are just in Chen Mo's neck. The slender skinny legs clamp Chen Mo's waist, and the exquisite pretty face is buried in Chen Mo. On the chest.

At this time, the posture of these two people is very embarrassed.

Chen Mo took a breath and found that Wen Ruo did not wake up for a while, just prepared to puminate his body.

Wen Ruo suddenly opened his eyes, then died with his beautiful beauty and staring at Chen Mo under her body.

"What are you awake?"

Chen Mo's form is slightly awkward.

"what……"

Wen Ruo was found to be a lot of clothes in his clothes.

"What, Wen Rui, you listen to me, things are not what you think!"

Chen Mo's mouth wants to explain.

"Chen Mo, I didn't expect you to be such a person, you actually make such a thing for me!"

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mo shouted, then picked up his clothes to run outside the house.

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo's position, and the heart collapsed!

Obviously, last night, you want to do that kind of thing for me, I am refused, now I still say that the wicked is conformaburies?