Chapter 60: Why don't the person I have to find?

Chen Mo looked at Du Tianhao to give him the information about Nanyang Wei Gongzi, with a faint smile, and the heart secretly sighed himself with this Nanyang Wei Jianzi really a fate.

Because this Nanyang Wei Gongzi is not someone else, Wei Xiaole who has had contradiction with Chen Mo before!

However, this is good, after all, as long as Du Tianhao, Wei Xiaole, I can't continue to be embarrassed.

"Chen Gongzi, don't need me to take you to Wei Xiaole now?"

Du Tianhao asked Chen Mail.

"I don't have to waste time on this kind of person. This is handed over to you. If you help me tell him, don't be a pre-emergence for a Wen Ruo!" Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence.

"Ok!"

Du Tianhao agreed.

"Yes, don't expose my identity, understand what I mean?" Chen Mo hesitated and continued to come.

"Chen Gongzi, you can rest assured, I will definitely handle this thing!" Du Tiandao was busy back.

"Yep!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then continue: "Yes, how is the Zhang Feng you survey?"

"what!"

Du Tiandao reacted, and quickly took out a thick information to Chen Mo's face, then said softly to Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi is too embarrassed, we have more than 5,000 people in Nanyang City. Zhang Feng, this investigation is really difficult! "

Chen Mo listened to Du Tianhao, I was desperate, more than 5,000 people, when Chen Mo found the real Zhang Feng, it is estimated that Wen Ruo's two people can do have already done. At that time, when Chen Mo is unwaped. How can Zhang Feng's true face?

"But according to the news you provide, the information of our Nanyang City is called Zhang Feng in the age of 20, and there are more than 70 people, you can take a look at you from these people. The person you want to find! "Du Tianhao looked at Chen Mai asked.

"More than 70 more people are still almost!"

Chen Mo's longevity, then took information from Du Tianhao hand, and started to find it seriously.

the other side.

After leaving the class, other students have left, after all, the protagonist of this play is already, and they don't mean.

After all the students in the class left, Gao Feifei Li Kaizhang Zhao Hongtao and others were surrounded by Liu Di.

"Take the flute, what is the end between Chen Mo? Is there any threat to you? Is there any handle? , Emotionally asked Liu Di.

"Chen Mo did not be a difficult me, I really owe Chen Mo's 40,000 yuan!"

Liute is on the table, and the expression is very helpless.

"Do you really owe Chen Money?" Gao Feifei's eyes flashed, she didn't understand why Liu Luo would owe Chen Money.

"Li Lui, you are owed to Chen Mo's money?"

Li Kai frowned.

"Li Kai, because I am not in my own heart?" At this time, Xu Jiao, who has never said, is finally can't help but hold the body and rushing through Li Kai.

"Xu Jiao, what do you mean by you? Why did Liu Diren borrow money? What is the relationship with me?" Li Kai has a little negligence.

"At the beginning, Fifi was sinned Wei Xiaole, we were also implicated by Philippi, requiring 40,000 yuan to save me with the little flute, but you took the money to save Fifi, but no matter what we have two deaths. Xiaanda knew that Chen Mo had a lottery ticket, helplessly gave Chen Mo's call, find Chen Mo to save us two, this only has a matter of things, do you understand? "

Xu Jiao said with a high-eyed expression and shouting.

"..."

After listening to this sentence of Xu Jiao, Li Kai Gao Fifi was heard of Xu Jiao. It took a short time. I didn't know how to face Liu Luo.

Zhao Hongtao is extremely excited, tears the scorpion: "Li Lu, you need money, why don't you call me?"

"It takes 40,000 to save me. Do you have this money?"

Liu Di came back to a sentence.

Zhao Hongtao heard the words of Liu Di, and I stopped in an instant. I don't know what to say.

Although Zhao Hongtao can be, these 40,000 yuan is also a small number for him, and he can't take it out in a short time.

"I really don't have this money, but how can Mo's poor light egg?"

Zhao Hongtao shouted very uncomfortable.

"I just said that Chen Mo is a lottery ticket, so I have money to go to the Mingsheng Hotel to eat, and there is also money to save us two!" Xu Jiao helpless back.

"If Chen Mo is really a lottery ticket, you think he will be willing to use this money, please eat? Solo yourself to save you two?" Just at this time Gaffield suddenly smiled.

After listening to the words of Gigfifi, everyone exposed a figave expression.

"I am with Chen Mo for so long, my character I still know very well. If Chen Mo is just a lottery ticket, then he will never be so big!" Gao Feifei continued.

"Phi Fe, what do you mean by this sentence?" Li Kai hesitated and asked.

"I mean is very simple, Chen Mo's money is definitely not his own!" Gaffield said very firm.

"Isn't he himself?"

Everyone once again exposed an unexplained expression.

"Oh, how are you so stupid? The bedroom in the school has often happened to have a stealing incident, you still remember? There are a lot of students to lose money, the last police also came to our school, but they have always been Didn't find that thief ... "Gao Feifei slowly said.

"Fifi, what you mean, Chen Mo is that thief?"

Liu Ri said with excitement.

"Chen Mo is not a thief, we have no evidence now, but I think Chen Mo is really unsatisfactory, and everywhere in a few people, and even said Liu Di actively told him about bed. Let's have a few people. I can't clean up this Chen Mo, I think Chen Mo may be more arrogant! "

Gao Feifei said coldly.

The rest of the individuals look at each other, and it seems very much very much agree with Gigfifi wants to retaliate Chen Mo's idea.

"But how should we revenue Chen Mo now?"

Zhao Hongtao asked.

"Zhao Hongtao, if I haven't remembered it, I have a sports class in the class in the day after tomorrow." Gao Feiyifei asked with his eyes.

"Yes, what happened?" Zhao Hongtao nodded gently.

"Let's have a few days later ..."

Gaffield et al. Starts to have a small number of whispers in the class to deal with Chen Mo's things.

Chen Mima is sitting in the Mercedes-Benz of Du Tianhao, and then looks at the information in his hand.

But after reading all the information, Chen Mo found that these information did not have the one who saw it last night!

"Du Tianhao, you determine that all the information called Zhang Feng is here?" Chen Mo put down the information, and asked Du Tianhao.

"OK, my information is very accurate, even if you are not our Nanyang Nanyone, he can find their information in Nanyang City, I can find their information, so this information is the most accurate!" Du Tianhao turned back to a sentence. .

"Then why don't you find that person I want to find?"

Chen Mo looked at the information in his hand, and his expression couldn't understand.