Chapter 143: Complex

Sun Guangmao is not famous in Nanyang City, so people who know Sun Guangmao are not a lot.

However, Li Juncheng is different. Basically in Nanyang City, as long as it is a little bit of the boss, he will know Li Jincheng.

Therefore, when Li Jincheng appeared in the conference room, everyone in the scene was in the original place, and the expression on his face was very shocked.

"Chen ... Chen Mo, I am sorry, I have a little urgent matter today, so I have a little late!"

In order not to expose Chen Mo's identity, Li Jincheng explained a sentence with a friend.

"It's ok!"

Chen Mo said faint.

After hearing the dialogue between Chen Mo and Li Jincheng, the expression on the face seems to be more shocking, because they have never thought that Chen Mo is really aware of Li Jincheng.

The entire conference room has fallen into a silent, and the static feelings feel terrible.

Everyone even breathing dares to make a sound, they feel that everything happens today is too incredible.

Su Mu Yantong moved slowly, and finally fell on Chen Mo's body.

She originally thought that Chen Mo had to say that they would like to be bragging, but Li Juncheng came over, and Chen Miman did not brag, and no one dared to question Chen Mo.

Su Yucheng glared at the big eyes of his own, and the expression on his face was very incredible. Where can she want Chen Mo really realized Li Juncheng, and Southern Yun Yu did not know how to describe her own mood.

however!

At this time, the most interesting thing on the face is Zhang Ze!

Zhang Ze took a big mouth to look at Chen Mo Li Juncheng, his face was very pale, and his body was also slightly trembled.

Now that his intestines have been regretted, if Chen Mo is really aware of Li Juncheng, the identity of Sun Guangmao should be true!

Sun Guangmao is really a deputy general of the Dingsheng Group. So before Sun Guangmao said that it is true!

If Zhang Ze, Zhang Yunshan, if he knows Zhang Ze, it is estimated that he is estimated to kill Zhang Ze!

"Stepping ..."

Just when Zhang Ze is thinking about how you have to save this today, there is a footsteps outside the conference room.

" !"

Soon, the door of the meeting room was pushed away.

A middle-aged fat man in a big abdomen rushed into the conference room.

After seeing this middle-aged, Zhang Ze saw directly in the original place, and his eyes were fear and said: "Dad ... Dad, how come you?"

This person coming in at this time is not someone else, is Zhang Ze's father Zhang Yunshan.

Zhang Yunshan was working in the company, and suddenly he received the news that the Dingsheng Group canceled investment in their company.

This investment is still very important for Zhangjia, once the Dingsheng Group cancels investment, it means that all of Zhang's pre-pretext is so waste.

Zhang Yunshan quickly contacted the people of the Dingsheng Group. On the last time I realized that I was because Zhang Ze was sinned by the deputy summother of the Dingsheng Group, and Sun Guangmao's status of Sun Guangmao was second only to General Manager Li Jincheng. So even if someone helps to ask for love. .

Zhang Yunshan helplessly came here to come here.

"Dad ... you ... how come you?"

Zhang Ze had gourmeted what happened, and the expression was very nervous.

"You a king eight , my mother killed you!"

Zhang Yunshan no matter from three or seven twenty-one, he directly rushed to Zhang Ze, and then raised his hand, it was a slap in the face of Zhang Ze's face.

"Snapped!"

A loud noise.

Zhang Ze was hit by Zhang Yunshan, and he sat on the ground.

Su Mu Bai looked at Zhang Ze with the big eyes of Water, first, Li Juncheng's appearance, now Zhang Yunshan, these two people have ran to their own company, which can only explain a problem!

Chen Mo did not lie from his head, and Sun Guangmao is also true of the deputy director of the Dingsheng Group!

"Dad, what do you do?"

Zhang Ze took his own big face, and his expression shouted in Zhang Yunshan.

"You make a mix, you really don't know how the sky is thick, even Sun is always sin, are you too long?"

Zhang Yunshan said on the side of Zhang Yun and rushed to Zhang Ze's face.

Zhang Ze smashed a mouth, and the eyes looked at Zhang Yunshan in front of him. He is clear that he must have a big trouble today, or Zhang Yunshan can't be so angry.

Originally in Zhang Ze's eyes, Chen Mo is just a waste of waste.

But at this time, he understood that Chen Miman is not as simple as it is imagined.

A waste is absolutely impossible to know Li Juncheng Sun Guangmao!

"Mr. Sun, today, this fact is too sorry, all blame me, nothing, sin, you!"

After Zhang Yun Mountain, Zhang Yushan was hit by Zhang Ze, and the expression was very sorry to rushing to Sun Guangmao.

"It doesn't matter, I will not follow this person!"

Sun Guangmao said faintly.

"Mr. Sun, do you see what you invest in us?"

Zhang Yunshan asked in a smile.

"Every time you are still thinking about investment?"

Sun Guangmao couldn't help but smile, then said that there was no expression: "I don't think about this matter than this matter is very kind. From today, you will not have any cooperation with our Dingsheng Group!"

"Sun, you ... you ..."

" !"

After listening to this, Zhang Yunshan felt that his eyes were black, and he was lying on the ground.

Zhang Jia is now guilty of Dingsheng Group, that is not simple, will never cooperate with the Dingsheng Group so simple, Nanyang City Who doesn't know what the Dingsheng Group is like?

Once there is a company to defense, the entire Nanyang City is not working with this company.

So Sun Guangmao at this time this sentence is tantamount to announce the death penalty of Zhangjia!

Zhang Ze's gaze looked at Chen Mo's position. Where did he think of just because of Chen Mo, directly put them into this.

However, there will be no better end in Nanyang City.

The people in the conference room looked at Chen Mo's Guangmao and others in the meeting room.

"Not just Zhangjia, everyone in the seat will be in cooperation with our Dingsheng Group from today!"

In the next second, Sun Guangmao announced the death penalty in the meeting room!

Those who were still in a smoked, after hearing the words of Sun Guangmao, the moment was stupid.

Zhang Ze is the main point of this matter today, and others are governing.

Sun Guangmao will do this, first in order to please Chen Mo, he clear Chen Moi is his true boss, and it is the previous humiliation Sun Guangmao, Sun Guangmei is always very angry, just like this opportunity to vent. a bit.

Su Mu Bai looked at Sun Guangmao at this moment, she understood how terrible existence is at this moment, and Sun Guangmao can scare these people.

"Sun, Sun, I beg you, give me a chance? I really don't know Taishan today!"

At this time, the middle-aged middle-aged man who ridiculously killed Chen Mo quickly ran to Sun Guangmao, and he was directly squatted.

"Yeah, Sun, beg you, give us a chance!"

Those shareholders are also busy in front of Sun Guangmao. They have given up their dignity, which is to get a chance to live.

Li Juncheng did not feel the feelings of these people with Sun Guangmao, and twisted it softly. Chen Mail: "Chen Mo, do you think I still need to invest Su Miss Company?"

Chen Mo listened to this slowed down to see the position of Su Mu Bai.

Su Mu Bai also looked at Chen Mo at this time.

The four eyes are opposite.

Chen Mo's mood is a bit more complicated!