Chapter 16: Is my body?

Chen Miman hide on the balcony of Yanme Hue, the expression on his face is very excited, because he did not expect Yanme to be able to change clothes in the room.

Chen Mai didn't know how he should be good. Is it the initiative to stand out or continue to hide here?

If Chen Mo is standing out, the things you appear on the balcony appear clearly.

But if you don't go out, if you don't really take off your clothes, then Chen Mo still doesn't look?

Just when Chen Mi was taking these problems, there was a burst of sound in the room, and it was clear that Yanme had already taken off his shirt.

Chen Mo feels that his eyes are completely uncontrolled to look at Yanmeom.

White shirts slightly slipped from the top of Yanme-sole, showing the white blonde clear skin, Yanme thumb, the woman is not only very beautiful, the body is also perfect, black underwear seems to be the charming beauty Semizophistic reputation.

Chen Mer didn't help but took a sigh of relief. This is his second time I saw a woman's body, and it is also a good body of Gao Feiyifei, this kind of sexy beauty. Chen Sime is affirm that it is very excited.

Although Chen Mo has been with Gaffefi for a long time, because G G Gifei can't stand Chen Mo, the two most intimate contacts are the pull hand, and more people have not done, and even kissing did not kiss. Never use to see Gaffefflower's clothes.

After the brood is taking off the shirt, I can't help it slightly, because she found that her underwear has actually stains.

Yanmeao is walking out of the wardrobe and walking out of a new lingerie.

Chen Mo saw the expression on this scene is more excited, who can think of Yan Mu actually change underwear.

Yanmea is like a jade arm gently touched it, and opened the buckle of underwear directly.

With the gradual slippery of the underwear, Chen Mo can obviously feel that his heart is jumping at acceleration.

After a while, the tachump finally broke through the shackles of underwear, exposed to Chen Mo's sight.

Chen Mail is standing in the same place, and the expression on his face is very excited.

After a moment, Yanme found a white cheongsam in the wardrobe, standing in front of the mirror, and sure that there is no problem, starting to wear the cheongsam directly.

The woman, the woman, seems to be very like cheongsam. When I usually go to class, I often wear, Chen Mo feels that the woman can play the biggest charm of the cheongsam, especially her body is more tap, and the skin is very white, put on. When the cheongsam is, the body is exquisite, the style is 10,000.

Perfect interpretation, sexy, especially.

After wearing the cheongsam, Yanme bow is full of high heels, and then turn around to leave the dormitory.

Chen Mo saw Yanme Mermers, after leaving, long out of breath.

However, when you want to leave the room right away, she suddenly turned his head to see the position of the balcony, and then stepped on the high-heeled shoes and Ting Ting's rushing the balcony.

"It's over ..."

Chen Mo saw Yan Xia walked over, but the heart was not good, but there was no place to be a Tibetan place at all, and the Yanmei was coming over.

Chen Mo's emotions began to become nervous, and it seems to be more than a bit more than the previous peeking.

Da da da!

The footsteps are getting closer and closer, and Chen Mo's face begins to appear fine sweat.

Teacher Yan! "

After hesitating, Chen Mo bite his teeth directly from the balcony.

"Chen Mo?"

Yanme saw that Chen Mo suddenly opened his beautiful, and his expression was very unexpected.

"Teacher Yan, you are back?"

Chen Mima fell calmly rushed to Yanme.

"Chen Mo, what do you hide on the balcony? Is there any time you come in?" Yanme recalls that he just changed the picture, the expression on the face became irritated.

"What, Mr. Yan, don't you let me send something? I came in and found you ... Your room seems to have a thief, then I will run to the balcony to see, but that thief has just passed The balcony runs down ... "

Chen Mo's form is very embarrassed.

Yanmei heard Chen Mo, I couldn't help but use my own beauty upside down, and then whispered: "Chen Mo, do you think you believe these will I believe?"

"Teacher Yan, I am really ..."

Chen Mo is busy explaining.

"Is it true that you are not clear in your own heart? Do you just hide in the balcony secretly see me to change clothes?" Yanme seems to have seen Chen Mo's idea in an instant.

"Nothing ... I didn't see anything, Mr. Yan, did you just change clothes?" Chen Mo did not want to move his head directly.

"..."

Yanme saw Chen Mo, I couldn't help but smile, then said: "Chen Mo, if you don't tell me about tell me today, be careful, I am looking for the principal to remove you ..."

"Teacher Yan, I really didn't see anything ..." Chen Mo bite his teeth.

"..."

Yanmei looked at Chen Mo, who had hesitated two seconds, and then said: "Chen Mo, you haven't seen anything else?"

"Yes!"

At this time, it has been discovered by Yanme, and Chen Mo will definitely not admit that he steals her clothes.

"OK then……"

The beauty of Yanmei flashed a different look, then whispered: "I don't want someone to know others today. Do you understand what I mean?"

"understand……"

Chen Merloo is busy nod.

"You go!"

Yan Mo turned his hand, and Chen Mo did not recognize that there is no way.

"Teacher Yan goodbye!"

After Chen Mo saw Yue Immers, the expression on his face was very relaxed, and hurriedly turned around to walk outside.

"Right, Chen Mo!"

Just when I was left in Chen Mai, Yan Xia suddenly shouted.

Chen Mo listened to this, and the expression was stocked, and the expression was nervous. He asked: "Teacher Yan, what else do you have?"

Yanme stepped on the high heels to Ting Ting went to Chen Mo, and then got up and down Chen Mo.

Because the woman's body is very tall, and then wear high heels at this time, so he has not been much with Chen Mo.

At this time, Chen Mo is very close to Yanme's body. Chen Mo can clearly smell the charming aroma on Yanme.

"Xiao Chen Mo, is my body?"

Wu Mei's sexy red lip is gently opened, and the tone is very seductive.