Chapter 109: Interpretation explains, what is this?

Chen Mo's eyes looked at Zhao Hongtao's position. At this time, he has gone about it about what is going on today.

Zhao Hongtao can analyze so many things, and the tone can be so confident, then there is only one possibility.

That is, all of this is good, and Zhao Hongtao is so resolutely wants to search, saying that this money is now in Chen Mai's table.

All this is someone else who is framing himself.

Zhao Hongtao left the classroom, and then put Zhao An'an's class fee in his own table. Finally, when Zhao Anan found money, Zhao Hongtao was standing out to report Chen Mo, and asked everyone to search for Chen Mo.

"How? Chen Mo, do you dare to let everyone sear?"

Zhao Hongtao saw that Chen Mo did not speak in the same place, and he smiled asked Chen Mail.

"You know, don't you know how stupid it is in your current behavior?"

Chen Mo said Zhao Hongtao.

"You ... what is your sentence?"

Zhao Hongtao looked at Chen Mo.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Zhao Hongtao did not speak.

"Money Director, I think this Chen Mo must definitely be guilty, so I don't dare to let you sear, this Chen Mo is a thief!" Zhao Hongtao shouted.

Qian Guangfa hesitated, then said whispering: "Teacher Yan, now you have seen this situation, since Zhao Hongtao has two possibilities with Chen Mile, I think it is now two The search is the best choice! "

"Qian Director, if there is no allowance to others, if you know the self, you are illegal, you should think about it clearly!" Yan Xiaoo fell back.

"This one……"

After Money Guangfa heard this, the expression on his face seems to be a bit difficult, because his heart is clear, if Chen Mo does not agree, it is illegal.

"Qian Director, I don't worry about illegal, or so good, I will search Chen Mo, if I don't find anything, let Chen Mo search me!"

Zhao Hongtao saw that the matter has been in this step, naturally unwilling to give up, emperor shouting.

"I think you are good, then you have to search this Chen Mo!"

Qian Guangfa heard the sentence of Zhao Hongtao, I suddenly agreed to it. After all, if Chen Mo is searching to Zhao Hongtao to search each other, even if Chen Mo is not a thief, there is no impact on himself, and people who take responsibility are also Zhao Hong Tao.

Zhao Hongtao took the steps directly to Chen Mo, and Zhao Hongtao did not find Chen Mo's clothes in the first time, but the seat of Chen Mo's seat, very obvious, Zhao Hongtao should be hidden in the table. inside.

Chen Mo has also discovered this, then look at Zhao Hongtao whispered: "You are really painful for framing me!"

"I am arrested, can you not be a joke? Who is arguing you?"

Zhao Hongtao quickly smiled.

"You remember, after an hour, you will pay for the current behavior!"

At this time, Chen Mo's face did not have a nervous emotion at all, and it was very calm.

Because in the eyes of Chen Mo, these small tricks such as Zhao Hongtao are really not worth mentioning, a rich man who is a million assets may steal thousands of dollars?

Zhao Hongtao is also very confident at this time because he knows that as long as you find this money in Chen Mai, Chen Mo has no chance to turn over.

The entire class is in a silent, and can only hear Zhao Hongtao's footsteps near Chen Mile.

Li Kai Gao Feifei and others saw that it would be to succeed immediately, and the face revealed a smile.

And Liu Di is some nervous.

But at this time, the tight person is the squad leader Zhao An'an!

Zhao Anan seems to be aware of this matter today, Zhao Hongtao is so confident that Chen Mo is a thief, that is only two possibilities, the first one is Chen Mo's thief, the second is that Chen Mo is framed by Zhao Hongtao. .

"Keep the change, please!"

At this time, Zhao An'an suddenly stood up and shouted.

Everyone heard Zhao Anan's words and turned his head, Zhao Hongtao also stopped his footsteps, and a few points in his eyes.

"I remembered, actually ... In fact, my money didn't lose, I depated in the bank, I just hired ..."

Zhao An An bite his red lips and spreads an abnormality.

Zhao Anan at this time is obviously in protecting Chen Mo, although she doesn't know that her money is going to go, but if Zhao Hongtao really found money, Chen Mo will definitely be buckled with a thief hat. It will even be fired by the school, so Zhao An'an would rather take responsibility, and I don't want to watch Chen Mo is being opened.

To be simple, Zhao An An is still not believed that Chen Mo is a thief.

"An An, what do you say?"

Yanme heard the sentence of Zhao An'an, and asked very much in tone.

"Old ... Teacher, this money is not lost, it is ... I have saved ..."

Zhao An'an whispered.

"impossible!"

Zhao Hongtao shouted. Before the physical education class, he was handed over to Zhao An'an's money in Chen Mo's table. At this time, Zhao Anan said that the money did not lose, even if he kill him, he did not believe it.

"How do you know it?"

Zhao Anan saw Zhao Hongtao's reaction, and it felt that it didn't look strong, and asked directly.

"I ... I ... such a big thing, you ... how can you forget ..." Zhao Hongtao has a little response for a while, and there is no time to return.

"The squad leader, you said that you save the Ban Fee?"

Gao Feifei saw some out of control, directly stood up and asked Zhao An'an.

"Yes ... Yes!"

Zhao An An was gently nodded.

"But you just seem to say that you didn't leave the school at all? You have returned to the classroom. When did you save? Is there any money you exist? Do you have a bill without payment? ? "

Gao Feifei has a few questions, directly asked Zhao An'an.

Zhao An'an stood in the place where Gigfifei was looked in place. I didn't know how I should go back to these questions.

"If you really save the bank, that's good, you are looking for money with the bank card, this money is taken out, then you have made it wrong, but if you don't take it, I can I suspect that you will pass a string with some people? "

Gaffephy tone shouted.

"I……"

Zhao An An urgently didn't know what to say, tears flowed again.

"The squad leader, you don't have to explain, they want to search, let them search!"

Just shouted at this time that Chen Mo suddenly opened.

Chen Mo knows that Zhao An'an's silly girl is now doing this to protect himself, so he can't bear to continue to watch Zhao An'an is bullied.

"Chen Mo, this is, you let me find it!"

Zhao Hongtao quickly smiled, then bent over the table in Chen Mai, and immediately came out of a pink wallet from the table.

"!"

Zhao Hongtao shouted the wallet in front of Chen Mo, and shouted: "Chen Mo, trouble, you explain it now, what is this?"

The classmates inside the class saw Zhao Hongtao really found the wallet after Chen Mai's table!