Chapter 98: You are humiliating Chen Mo!

Sleeping room.

"Second beautiful, do you forgive me?"

Wei Jiaqi heard the expression of Mingmei after hearing Mingmei took the initiative to talk to himself.

"Forgive you? You do something wrong. I want to forgive you?" Mingmei looked at Wei Jiaqi blinking the big eyes and smiled.

"Two beautiful, you won't you suffer?"

Wei Jiaqi shouted at the Mingmei Sight in front of him.

"What is my life?"

On the other side of the Mingmei, I took a cup of milk tea from my bag, and then said softly: "I just passed a milk tea shop, I thought you especially liked the milk tea of ​​them, so I will give you I bought a cup ... "

"Two beautiful, what happened? You are not because of the last time Chen Mo's thing is always angry? Now how to buy milk tea now? Are you stimulated by Chen Mai? what?"

Wei Jiaqi did not dare to take the milk tea in Mingmei at this time. After continuous refund, it was like a ghost and shouted.

Mingmei listened this, what is going on, I can't help but laugh.

However, Wei Jiaqi now doesn't know that Mingmei will not only feel angry because she introduces himself to Chen Mo, and the opposite is very grateful to her, can introduce her to Chen Mo's super rich second generation.

But Mingmei also has his own care, she won't tell Wei Jiaqi, if she goes out, will definitely have a lot of foxs to be surrololized by Chen Mo, and the pressure on her competition will become bigger, preferably Everyone doesn't know that Chen Mo is a super rich second generation, so that you can easily get Chen Mo.

"Second beauty, you must be stimulated by Chen Mo's poor silk, I admit that I did not do it, but I really don't know that Meng Liang's friend is Chen Mo, I also know that he can't help you. Can you don't do this, you are so worried about you! "

Wei Jiaqi saw that Mingmei did not speak, he was very self-blaming.

"Oh, Jiaqi, I thought what you said, Chen Mer is a good thing, you have long been forgotten, you don't have to put it too much!"

Mingmei looked at Wei Jiaqi smiled.

"That ..., is you forgive me now?" Wei Jiaqi asked in Mingmei.

"Of course, forgive you!"

Mingmei nodded and didn't want to continue to talk to Wei Jiaqi. I asked directly to open the topic: "Jiaqi, you dress so beautiful, are you going to go?"

"I ... I am going to visit Nanyang University to find Meng Liang!"

Wei Jiaqi made a face of the Mingmei's reaction, and the a few days ago, because Chen Mer is not talking to himself. At this time, he said that he had forgive himself, this is what is going on!

"Is Chen Mo in Nanyang University?"

Mingmei exclaimed, and the expression was excited to shout the Wei Jiaqi.

"Yes ... Yes!"

Wei Jiaqi looked at the noddion of Mingmei.

"Then I will also have you with you, I will go to Chen Mo!"

Mingmei shouted.

Wei Jiaqi heard the phrase of Mingmei, the expression on the face was slight, and the heart was like set off a storm!

Mingmei is now actually going to find Chen Mo's play?

What is this ghost?

I was not more than the Mingmei of Chen Mo. How did I change it with a person? At this time, I have to take the initiative to find Chen Mo?

"Jiaqi, you wait for me to change clothes!"

Mingmei knows that he is going to see Chen Mo, it must be dressed up, so it has passed the position of the wardrobe directly to the wardrobe directly.

Wei Jiaqi looked at Mingmei, and the expression on his face seems to be more shocked.

Mingmei can take the initiative to find Chen Mo, have let Wei Jiaqi feel very incredible, but at this time, the beauty is still going to change your clothes?

"Second beauty, you have to find Chen Mo?"

Wei Jiaqi rushed to Mingmei and asked.

"Yes, I don't have anything in the afternoon, it is better to play in Nanyang University!"

Mingmei laughs back, then took out a few clothes from the wardrobe in front of the mirror, but Mingmei seems to feel some unsatisfactory, so I changed a few clothes.

"Two beautiful, I understand!"

Wei Jiaqi stood at the door and looked at the Mingmei, who was carefully selected, and shouted.

"..."

Mingmei heard this twist watching Wei Jiaqi glance, then asked the expression: "Do you understand? Do you understand what?"

"Second beauty, this time I went to Nanyang University to revenue Chen Mo's right?"

Wei Jiaqi said very seriously.

"Revenge Chen Mo?"

Mingmei heard that Wei Jiaqi couldn't help but stunned, and the beauty flashed.

"Yes, the a few days ago, Chen Mo made you lost people in the bar. You must now be ready to retaliate Chen Mo, in Nanyang University, a good humiliation, Chen Mo ..."

Wei Jiaqi felt that she could not look at Chen Mo at all according to the character of Mingmei.

But Mingmei is now actively requested to find it, it is obvious that you want to retaliate him, find a chance to humiliate Chen Mo.

"amount……"

After listening to Wei Jiaqi, the face seems to have some helpless, and I don't know how to answer it for a moment.

"Two beautiful, you can rest assured that this time I will definitely help you humiliate the Chen Mo ..."

Wei Jiaqi said to express his apology to the Mingmei, and the vowed to say.

"Ok ... ok!"

Mingmei doesn't know how to explain these things with Wei Jiaqi, can only have helpless.

"Line, you don't look like the mirror, you don't do anything, let's go!"

Wei Jiaqi has been can't wait to go to Nanyang University to humiliate Chen Mo.

Mingmei helplessly watched Wei Jiaqi, turned to Wei Jiaqi, took out the bedroom.

......

the other side.

Nanyang University's playground.

The time of the class will soon passed.

After the ringtones were ringing, because of the time to have lunch, the students rushed to the location of the canteen.

"Meng Liang Liu Rui, today I invite you two to eat, let's go to the cafeteria?"

Chen Mimo said with Liu Ruomang.

"Well, I am also hungry!"

Meng Liang smiled and laughed. It was very refreshing. He clearly, Chen Mo asked him to eat with Liu Rui because of Meng Liang helped Chen Mo's flight fee.

Liu Rui did not refuse, and the three moved to the position of the canteen directly.

But there is no two steps, Meng Liang's mobile phone rang again.

Meng Liang hesitated, took out the phone and connected the phone, said softly: "Jiaqi, have you arrived?"

"Yes, I have already arrived in your school at your school with Mingmei. You will come to pick us up!" Wei Jiaqi laughed back to a sentence.

"What? Mingmei also came over?"

Meng Liang listened to the expression of the expression.

"Well, the second beauty is coming over with me, you call the poor silk Chen Mo, and Mingmei is coming to him!" Wei Jiaqi said slowly.

Meng Liang heard this, and quickly express it seems to be more shocking. I wanted Wei Jiaqi to bring Mingmei, and explained the things inside the bar before, and Wei Jiaqi explained that the beauty could not come.

But at this time, Mingmei actually took the initiative to find Chen Mo?

"what happened?"

Meng Zhong couldn't help but rude.