Chapter 4: Chen Gongzi, you can do anything

Li Juncheng was originally intended to send Chen Mo to leave Hunts Ding Building. After all, Chen Mo has become the chairman of Hui Ding Group, worth more than 10 million, Li Juncheng as Chen Mo's nature should be good.

But he didn't expect Chen Mile to walk so anxious, and did not give him this opportunity to leave.

Li Jincheng had to wait for the elevator and then in a hurry.

However, he just got out of the elevator, he saw the sexy beauty with a large group of security guards Chen Mo's blocking in the elevator mouth, directly to Li Jincheng, a cold sweat.

"Li ... Lee, you ... how did you come over?"

After Pan Ying looked at Chen Mo, the expression was very incredible.

"Pan Ying, what are you doing?"

Li Juncheng's previous step, the expression is unusually angry.

"Li, is this poor boy, it is unsolved by Pan, and Pan is taught him!" The little girl at the front desk did not know what happened, and even the drip shouting.

"Poor children?"

Li Jincheng heard this later, then pointed at the little girl at the front desk shout: "You are now being expelled, and you will give me a roll right now ..."

The little girl at the front desk looked at Li Jincheng, and the expression on his face was very unexpected. "Li Qi, I ..."

"What are you? I am now being expelled, is you?"

Li Jun came out of his expression, then twisted his tone. He asked very well. "" Chen Chairman, you don't have anything? I blame me to lose your job, I haven't followed you ... "

"Nothing!"

Chen Mo fell back.

After hearing this sentence of Li Jincheng, everyone is in the original place, and the eyes are very incredible.

At this time, the general manager of the famous Hui Ding Group actually called a chairman who didn't know where to come out?

"Dong ... is the big!"

When Pan Ying, the whole person was stupid, and he looked at Chen Mo.

"Li, what is going on here?" Pan Ying asked in Li Jincheng.

"What? What is going on? Faster Chen Chairman apologizes? This is the new chairman of our company!" Li Jun shouted.

Pan Ying heard this, there is no hesitant, and even busy expressive, Chen Mo said: "Chen Chairman, just really sorry, I ... I have an eye, I don't know that Mount Taishan offends you, don't Take me with me ... "

After that, after I finished this, Pan Ying took Dao Yumei deeply.

Because the previous clothes have been encountered coffee, I at this time Pan Ying wears a low-chest shirt. This bought directly reveals a white tender. It is a bit stunned, and I can't help but lament this Pan Ying. This woman is really more than The girl inside the school tastes.

It seems to look at it, you have the urge to get her bed.

"Chen Gongzi, how should you see this person?" Li Juncheng asked Chen Mail.

"..."

Pan Ying heard the sentence of Li Jincheng, and quickly ran to Chen Mo, said very low tone: "Chen Gongzi, you don't expel me, as long as you can remove me, what do you make me? Can ... "

How many people squeezed the big enterprise that the head wants to come in, Pan Ying is now in the department manager, and it has more than 100,000 a month. If you lose your job, she is very unwilling.

"What can you do?"

Chen Mo stunned.

"..."

Pan Ying saw Chen Mo's attitude, and the heart called Drama, and quickly said: "Yes, as long as Chen Gongzi can be happy, let people do anything ..."

On the side of Pan Ying, I took the initiative to close Chen Mo, tone, and the expression was abnormal.

So old, the chairman of Hui Ding Group can be nature, so Pan Ying is clearly moving in other ideas. If you really have to have anything to Chen Mo, Pan Ying is in this company's status Stable.

"Okay, then you will be cleaning in the company today!"

Chen Mo fell back, and then moved directly to the company outside.

Pan Ying stayed in the same place, the expression on his face was immersed, she didn't think that Chen Mo did not be tempted by himself, but instead let himself be a cleaning aunt!

"Have you heard Chen Gongzi's words?"

Li Jun asked Pan Ying, a faceless.

"Listen ... I heard it ..." Pan Ying quickly agreed, no matter what, even if it is cleaning, it is also better than being opened by the company.

......

On the other hand, Chen Mo has passed the matter just now, he feels that everything that happens today is not a scam, but a true thing.

Otherwise Li Juncheng will never expell those people directly because of themselves.

Chen Mo is ready to find a bank to try Li Juncheng to give him the card, but it is really casual, but at this time, Chen Mo's mobile phone suddenly rang.

"Chen Mo, what are you doing? How do you have not come back? Do you don't know in the afternoon?" A young voice shouted very urgently.

This person whisper is called Meng Liang, which is a few friends who are not many in the school.

"Rely, I forgot this!"

Chen Mo shouted, and then said: "I will go back now ..."

"Come on!"

Meng Liang low returned to a sentence, and then hanged the phone.

Chen Merlot has stopped a taxi directly to Nanyang University.

Because Nanyang University is not far from Hunts Ding Group, Chen Mo is not late.

After returning to the classroom, Chen Mo's classmates in the class look at themselves with a different eye, and Gigui is sitting together with Li Kai, and the posture is intimate chat.

Chen Mo saw this scene, there is a different mood in the heart, because Gao Feifei is with Chen Mo, never sitting with Chen Mo.

Obviously, the classmates above the class seem to have known things that they were smashed by Gao Feifei.

"Xiaofa, are you okay?"

Meng Liang rushed to Chen Mail.

"It's alright……"

Chen Mo fell back.

"I heard that you are with Gaifei ..."

"Meng Liang, don't you open a pot!" Meng Liang said softly, this boys called Liu Rui, and also Chen Mo's friend.

Usually in the school, Liu Rui and Meng Liang did not help Chen Mo, Chen Mo has always remembered the two people.

"I am really nothing ..."

Chen Mo looked at Meng Liang Liu Lai smiled, and then went to the final row of class.

Meng Liang Liu Rui thought that Chen Mo is not a good mood, so there is no bothering Chen Mo, but in fact, Chen Mili is not saddened by Gao Feifei, but he needs quiet thinking about what happened today.

He feels that this is too incredible. When you have no money, he is not killed because there is no money, and the time in the afternoon passed, he turned into a trillion.

This feeling makes Chen Mo feel a little wonderful, some is not true.

"I don't know how G G Gifei knows how much I have so much, what will she think in her heart!"

Chen Mo looked at Gao Feifei and Li Kai's back, couldn't help but sigh in his heart.

The time of the class has passed very quickly.

"Classmates, let's go out to gather together, eat a meal together!"

After the teacher left, a very beautiful girl standing up and smiled.

Chen Mer couldn't stand the position of the girl, and the girl wore a short plaid knitted dress, and the chest was high-teng. The lower body is a tight denim hot pants, and the hips are stretched, the curve is beautiful. Going down, it is a pair of hard-working legs, step on a pair of canvas shoes on the feet, and the whole person looks very beautiful and energetic.

This girl is called Zhao An'an, which is the squad leader inside the class.

Zhao An'an's girl is kind, and the mind is very simple, and since Chen Mo is not seen because Chen Mo's poor, the opposite also helped Chen Mo many times.

"Okay, I can finally go out to eat!"

"The squad leader said, we must follow it!"

Students in the class began to respond.

Meng Liang quickly ran to Chen Mo's side, stunned Chen Mo's neck: "Xiaofeng, today you have followed it! Let's take a long time without gathering ..."

"Meng Liang, what do you call the poor and egg? He didn't have money to participate in the party ..." At this time, a girl with a white dress shouted.

Chen Mer didn't stand the head and looked up to the girl. This girl is called Liu Luo. It is a girlfriend of Gigfifi. The family conditions are good, the length is not bad, Liu Di can't look down on Chen Mo, and there is no shame bully Chen Mo, but because Chen Mo knows Liu Di has a mixer boyfriend outside outside the school, so it has been to bear the Liu Di.

Gao Feifei abandon Chen Mo, with Li Kai, there should be a large part of the reason is this Liu Di.

"Yeah, how can Chen Mer's poor light eggs can have money to gather!" Diffegfered another girlfriend Xu Jiao said.

"Liu Lu Xu Jiao, how do you talk?"

Meng Liang seems to be a little inconsistent.

"Originally, this garbage has no money to meet, and our class has gathered so many times, do you see him?" Liu Luo took a small mouth back.

"Chen Mo didn't have money, I will help him pay for it. As for you to humiliate him here?" Liu Rui seems to be a little bites, frown shouting.

"Oh, since Liu Rui, since you have money, then you have made my money?" Li Kai heard Liu Rui's words, and shouted his face.

Liu Rui hixed to Li Kai's position, and the eyes flashed in the eyes, although Liu Rui's family is good, but with Li Kabi is still far away, and Liu Rui does not dare to defend Li Kai, so it can only Weird closes my mouth.

"Chen Mo's money, I am helped, everyone is the same as this?"

Zhao An'an, the squad leader, seems to be a little, can't help but frown shout.

Li Kai heard the words of Zhao An'an, and he was hesitating in his eyes, but there is not much to say anything.

"The squad leader, don't pay your money, I have money!"

At this time, Chen Miman was shouting.

The classmates inside the class are all stunned after listening to Chen Mo, and the expression on the face is very incredible.

Because they did not think that Chen Mo turned out today, I promised to participate in the gathering.

You must know that Chen Mo is now reading a big two. It has been with these colleagues for more than two years, but no matter what gatherings, Chen Mo has not been, the reason is that there is no money.

Li Kai looked at Chen Mo, then smiled and said: "Hey, there is a lot of money today? Chen Mo, let's know so long, you have never been there, you have a party. Otherwise, do you ask you to go out to eat a meal today? "

"Kaagon, can you don't joke, if this is broken, if you can ask everyone to eat, I will go to eat to eat!" Just at this time, a fat smile shouted.

"Well, since everyone is so interested, then I will ask everyone to eat!"

Chen Mo said very flat.

After hearing Chen Mo's sentence, the smile on his face suddenly solidified, the surrounding classmates were extremely shocked, no one thought that Chen Mo actually agreed to Li Kai's request!