Chapter 89: I haven't come late?

Hotel room.

Wen Ruo wore a set of sexy underwear lying in bed, pretty face with a slim, double eyes closed, seemed to have something happening.

Zhang Feng looked at Wen Ruo Yi called the perfect body, and his face was abnormally excited.

Help the white legs, towering the towering double peak, flat smooth lower abdomen, seduct and charming clavicle.

It seems that everything in Wen Ruo is so feeling.

Zhang Feng took a breath and then trembled his right hand to take off her clothes.

However, when I just prepared to take off the shirt, Wen Ruo was suddenly opened his eyes, and the legs were one foot, and they were directly between the legacy legs.

" !"

The Zhang Feng, who is getting off, there is no preparation, directly from the bed from the bed from the bed.

When Wen Rui is small, I learned Taekwondo, so the strength of this feet is still very big, and Zhang Feng did not give Wen Ruo, and ten cm high heel shoes between the two legs of Zhang Feng, feel abnormal stimulation.

"..."

After Wen Rui fell, he quickly reached out the clothes on the bed.

"Hey, how can he wake up?"

Zhang Feng squatted on the ground, and his expression was painful. He now feels soft, and you can't make it unfortunate.

Wen Ruo is quickly put on the clothes, then the expression is flustered to run around the room.

Waiting to Zhang Feng slowly, the hair is now Wen Ruo, and it has already ran out the room!

"It's over!"

Zhang Feng's heart is not good, and I've been chasing the steps.

"Help! Come on!"

After Ruo Ruo ran out of the room, the expression was very excited.

But helpless because this hotel is not a lot of people living, so Wen Ruo is shouting for a long time, no one has taken her.

Zhang Feng clearly, he can't let Wen Ruo, whoever ran today, because Wen Ruo is running, not only does not overcome the money, but it may still have to carry the disaster.

"Help me stop the woman!"

Zhang Feng saw Wen Ruo, and after the door is going to the hotel, it quickly pulled the scorpion.

Because the hotel's front desk took the benefits of Zhang Feng, he hesitated, and he immediately reached out and stopped Wen Ruo.

"What are you doing? This person is to rape me, you hurry to help me ..."

Wen Ruo looked at the front desk in front of him and shouted very excited.

"Don't listen to her Hu, she is my girlfriend. Now it is just a conflict with me!" Zhang Feng heard the voice of Wen Ruo.

The hotel front desk is gone up and down, and then whispered: "There is no need to make this look like this, hurry back!"

Wen Rui listened to the front desk to react, this reception is clearly touched with Zhang Fengquan, or it is absolutely impossible to stop himself.

Wen Ruoyu pushed the front desk of the hotel, then rushed to the street, and shouted very excited: "Help! This person wants ..."

However, this sentence of Wen Rui has not been finished, from the Zhang Feng, who is rushing out from the hotel, directly reached out to the Wen Ruo's mouth, then explain the expression of everyone: "I am sorry, I just followed me. My girlfriend has a conflict, she is with me, this is a mood ... "

"Hey ..."

After hearing this sentence, Wen Ruo is struggling, but because Zhang Feng has already held her mouth, I can't say it.

"Don't see it here, they are two couples, when they come, they are still good, now I don't know what happened, I am scattered soon!"

The front desk of the hotel has more and more people, and even the front step will help Zhang Feng explained a sentence. After all, this thing is also related to him. If Zhang Feng really has something, you will definitely follow.

After listening to the front desk of the hotel, the face had a lot of expression, and they scattered.

If it is a man who speaks, there is nothing credibility, but if the hotel's front desk is talking, it is actually very confident.

Therefore, the road people also regard Wen Ruo, and the two people are a couple who are quarreling. No one is willing to have a leisure.

After Zhang Feng saw that the passers-by left, he had a long history, and then went to the hotel.

Wen Ruo is struggling, but she has no help with her strength, so there is no way to get rid of the control of Zhang Feng.

at the same time.

There is a Mercedes-Benz on the street.

Chen Mo and Wang Yaoyao have just left the Jacques restaurant, Wang Yaoyao is also ready to drive Chen Mo's home, then see what can have anything to have.

However, only less than five minutes have just opened it, Chen Siles saw the scene of Wen Ruozhi's dispute in the door of the hotel.

"parking!"

Chen Mo saw the situation and quickly shouted.

"..."

Wang Yao said, and then quickly stepped on a brakes, then turned his head to the direction of the hotel.

Chen Miman pushed the door, I want to get off the bus to see what is going on with Zhang Feng.

Wen Rui is the door to Zhang Feng, and Chen Mo knows that Zhang Feng is close to Wen Ruo, but he does not think of Zhang Feng's movement is so fast, today just confession, Wen Rui took over the house.

Moreover, Chen Mo can feel since Wen Rui's current state, Wen Rui should not volunteered to come to open a room with Zhang Feng.

"Chen Gongzi, what do you do?"

Wang Yaoyao saw Chen Mo and shouted.

"To save people!"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"Chen Gongzi, are you crazy? How did these two people are for you, have you forgot? If you have in the past, people will definitely say that you are multi-tube, you will go to you. What is it? "Wang Yaoyao shouted with Chen Mo's expression.

"..."

Chen Mo heard the sentence of Wang Yao Yao, I couldn't help but stunned, I couldn't help but spend the words you said before.

But after hesitating for two seconds, I felt that I still can't see Wen Ruo, so I rushed out of the hotel directly into the hotel.

"Chen Gongzi, what is your bitter!"

Wang Yaoyao shouted very helplessly.

Chen Mo entered the hotel, Zhang Feng has already got Wen Ruo to the elevator, just ready to walk into the elevator, suddenly rushing out of a black shadow from the back, then Zhang Feng feels black.

"!"

A loud noise, Chen Moyi fists directly on the face of Zhang Feng, Zhang Fengqi two steps, then support the wall.

"Chen ... Chen Mo?"

Wen Ruo looked at Chen Mo, who was rushing out, and his face was very incredible.

"I haven't come late?"

Chen Mimei watched the Wen Ruo, asked calmly.

After hearing this, Wen Rui heard the tears.

At this time, there is only an unlimited regret in her heart. I regret that I am even if I listen to Chen Mo, I will not happen, and then I think of those words you spend on Chen Mo, Chen Mo is now standing up to help her, Wen Rui I feel that I am too much.

"Kid, I advise you to do it better to tube!"

Zhang Fenghong rushed to Chen Mo.

"Go to your mother, you have a slag!"

Chen Mo smashed, then rushed to the position of Zhang Feng.

Zhang Feng is directly twisted by Chen Mo.

Chen Mai often does physical activity, so the strength is much larger than Zhang Feng, directly putting Zhang Feng in the ground, and a boxing of a boxing of Zhang Feng's face.

Zhang Feng's head is like a ball, and there is no blood, and the scene is very bloody violent.

Chen Mai stressed himself in the heart and venting all grievances.

However, when Wen Ruo, I feel that Chen Mo has occupied the upper wind. When I can take insiders, I will rush it in the hotel again!

After Wen Ruo is seeing the person headed, it is straightforward!

Because people take the lead are the Nanyang Wei Gongzi of the live broadcast platform.

Wei Xiaole is also just passing by, and found that some people played in the hotel. I originally planned to see lively, but I didn't expect to fight, so I was rushing in.

"Chen Mo, don't hit, let's run more quickly!" Wen Rui reached out Chen Mo and shouted.

"..."

Chen Mo listened to this, turned to see Wen Ruo, and then said: "Run? Why do you want to run?"

"Wei Xiaole's people came over, they must be the salvation shouting of Zhang Feng, hurry up!"

Wen Ruo Yan shouted very nervous.

"Wei Xiaole?"

Chen Mo listened to this name couldn't help but stunned.

"Yes, I was helping me, Wei Xiaole will take the initiative to apologize, they are definitely a group, let's go alive!" Wen Ruozhen said while talking while talking to Chen Mo wants to go to the hotel Run inside.

After all, Wen Rui is still that Zhang Feng is the past, and Zhang Feng has found Wei Xiaole, so Wei Xiaolu did not continue to be ourselves.

At this time, Wei Xiaole rushed in, and it is certain that you want to help Zhang Feng.

But Wen Ruo, I don't know, Wei Xiaole does not know anything about anything, all of which is Chen Mo!

Wen Ruo Yan was panicked to Chen Mo, but found that Chen Mo did not seem to leave it at all, but standing in place.

"Chen Mo, what are you doing here? John to run!" Wen Rui shouted.

"No need to run!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"These people are all, you ..."

The words of Wen Rui did not finish. I saw Wei Xiaole to go directly to Chen Mo, and then touched Chen Mo as respectful, "Chen Gongzi, is there anything I need to help?"

"Tell him!"

Chen Merlot flew to Zhang Feng, said calmly.

Wei Xiaole didn't want to take a person directly, and Zhang Feng saw that many people rushed over, and the eyes flashed a desperate.

Wen Ruo is heard after hearing the conversation between Chen Mo and Wei Xiaole, it is stupid again, and the eyes are very shocked to watch Chen Mo around him.

"Is it ... Is these people not come to help Zhang Feng?"

Wen Ruo's knots said.