Chapter 74: Dead to the League

"Du Jia people are not jealous?"

Chen Mo smiled and laughed later, then said softly: "How did Du Jia people can't get rid of? No matter who people come over today, this Sun Wei wants to have no resignation, no one wants to go out of this door!"

Zhang Ming looked at Chen Mo around him. The expression on his face was helpless. Because he didn't understand Chen Mo who didn't say it just now, why suddenly changed strong.

And Wang Yaoyao stared at Chen Mo, and she could feel obvious. Now Chen Mo's heart is like a person, but her heart can't help but worry, in case today What if this is really a lot of trouble?

And Wang Zhongqiang hesitated, and quickly ran to Chen Mo's side, said with Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi, or today, if you continue to make it, no benefit! Duyan's uncle Not good! "

Obviously, Wang Zhongqiang is also very taboo the background behind Du Yan.

"Forget? Why do you want it?"

Chen Mo has not spoke here, Duyan first shouted with his throat.

Chen Mimo hits the position of Duyan, did not speak.

"Today, this kid is not let us go? Then I let him know that we know that our Du family can get rid of him, I will give me my uncle, you are waiting, as long as it is I am going to work with me, I will not let go! "

Duyan feels that Chen Mo's behavior is obviously challenging himself, so even if Chen Mimer is put, he will not go.

"Yes, husband, these people can't let go, isn't there a few stinky money to buy a villa? What can be arrogant!" Sun Hao shouted.

Wang Zhongqiang Zhang Mingwang Yaoyao heard the sentence of Duyan realized the seriousness of the problem, and the expression on his face became tense, because they were worried that if Du Yan's uncle came over, it would also Holding them three people.

Duyan took out the phone directly to the phone.

"Dudu ..."

After the phone rang two times, the opposite people turned on the phone.

"Three uncle, I am now in the Jinxiu Manor Villa, the security guards here don't let me go out ..." Duyan saw that the phone was connected to the call.

"What is your disaster?"

The people opposite the phone underetened.

"Three uncle, I can get a disaster, this time is someone stops me, don't let me go, I will call you ..." Duyan said.

"..."

The people opposite the phone hesitated, then whispered: "Yes, where are you waiting for me, I will see it now!"

"Okay, Three Uncle!"

Duyan agreed to a very happy, and then hanged it directly.

"You are waiting for me, I will come here soon, I will let you cry, I can't cry."

Duyan hangs up the phone, reaching out, pointing at Chen Mile and others shouting.

"Chen ... Chen Gongzi, you can think about it now, I heard that Duyan's three uncle can eat the big brother of Nanyang City, if we really defined Duyan's three uncle, then It will definitely be very miserable! "Zhang Ming has been completely panicked at this time, and the expression is anxious to rush through Chen Mo.

"Black and white, big brother?"

Chen Mo listened to this, and smiled in the future and shake his head and didn't speak.

In fact, Chen Mo is so calm, because Chen Mo is not worried about who Du Yan's body is who is in the end, after all, even if Du Yan's three uncle is so powerful, can Li Juncheng Du Tianhao is amazing?

If it is not, give them two calls directly, and the rest of the thing is not.

And Wang Zhongqiang Wang Yao Yao Zhang Ming three people naturally didn't know what Chen Mo thought it was in the heart, they only felt that if it was really waiting for Duyan's three uncle, it may not come.

"Chen Mo, if you now give my brother-in-law, I will help you ask my brother-in-law, maybe my brother-in-law can still let go today ..."

At this time, Mingmei suddenly walked to Chen Mo's side, and said softly to Chen Mo.

Chen Mo Yao Yao and others later heard the phrase of Mingmei, all revealed the expression, because they didn't understand how Mingmei didn't tell Chen Mo.

In fact, Mingmei's current practice is obviously good to Chen Mo.

Today, this thing is that it is because of Mingmei. If she is not her, when she said that Chen Mo is a poor silk of garbage, then Sun Wei will never misunderstand Chen Mo, and will not happen. These things.

At this time, Mingmei already knows that Chen Mo is a super rich second generation, and it is really rich to buy the house.

At this time, the Mingmei's heart also produced some other ideas.

At the end of the bar last night, Mingmei's impression of Mo Mo is actually very good. It is also very happy to try with Chen Mo, but later because Gao Feifei and others have expressed the identity of Chen Mo, so that Mingmei has no way. Accepting Chen Mo is a poor silk of garbage.

But in fact, Chen Miman is not a poor silk, but a super rich second generation.

In this case, Mingmei feels that you can get along with Chen Mo!

So she will now take the initiative to talk to Chen Mo, the purpose is to change the image of myself in Chen Mo, I will contact Chen Mai in the future.

After listening to Mingmei, Chen Mo couldn't help but twist.

"Chen Mo, you still see what I did? You hurry to give my brother-in-law, today, I have passed, I promise that as long as you apologize, my brother-in-law is in my face, definitely will not take you What's how! "Mingmei saw Chen Mo did not speak, his expression was anxiously rushed to Chen.

"apologize?"

Chen Mo smiled and then said softly: "What is wrong with this today? Why do I apologize?"

"Chen Mo, are you crazy? Do you know what the uncle, my brother-in-law doesn't look like? Don't think that you have a little money, now this society is not a money, you still need strength. Personal background, these things you have no way to know my brother-in-law than you don't know? "

Mingmei is unusually excited.

"Structure the background?"

Chen Mo didn't smile, then said calmly: "With money, do you think I will still miss these things?"

"you……"

Mingmei looked at Chen Mo, his face was very speechless, I don't know what to say.

"Oh, I didn't expect your kid's mouth. I was going to look at you in Xiaomei, but since you didn't want to apologize, then I waited for me three uncles, I see you can still So arrogant! "Duyan rushed to Chen Mo.

At this time, Mingmei is also very disappointed with Chen Mo. She originally looked at Chen Mo's money. I want to take the initiative to show Chen Mo, I can't determine two people can still be jade, then I am just like today. Send Chen Mo, you can deceive Chen Mo's super rich.

But where can she want to get it, Chen Mo's mind seems to have some problems, thinking about the problem is not the same, it is not the same, it is already dead, and it can still be so arrogant.

So Mingmei is not intended to continue to persuade Chen Mo.

At this time, the position of the door of the sales office suddenly came from a burst of footsteps.

A middle-aged person took a few bodyguards that were wearing a black suit and walked in in the sales office.