Chapter 76: I need you to promise me!

After listening to Mingmei and I have to add my own WeChat, I can't help but smile. He really can't understand why Mingmei can say this.

Before you are not a Mingmei standing out to add oil, how can you take the next thing?

"Can you still have a look? How do you learn to have a sister like you?"

Chen Mo has not spoke here, Wang Yao Yao first stood out and pointed out the nose of Mingmei.

After listening to Wang Yao Yao, I couldn't help but turn my eyes and got Wang Yaoyao. I said: "I ... I don't mean anything else, I just want to give Chen Mo's apology ..."

"If you apologize, I apologize, what is the WeChat?"

Wang Yaoyang shouted with his big eyes and then continued: "What else do you have any faces in Chen Gongzi? Do you just ridicule Chen Gongzi? Is Chen Gongzi is not you? Now I see people Chen Gongzi has money, I want to add Chen Gongzi's WeChat seduce Chen Gongzi right? How can you do this? "

Wang Yaoyao knows that he has already had a big rose mountain, so it is very paralyzed.

Those employees in the sales office naturally understand the meaning of the rudder, so they also stood up at this time, pointed to Mingmei said: "I have never seen you don't have face, and I know the seduce. Is it? "

"I know that this is the case, why did you ridicule people Chen Gongzi?"

"If you don't have the words you said before, how can we misunderstand Chen Gongzi? How can it be next thing!"

The sales lady in the sales office is like a Mingmei, which is going to have a midst of the resentment of Sun Wei before, and there is a mighty body.

Anyway, Mingmei is just a young girl in his twenties, and the family conditions are good, the length is good, no matter where they are being sought after, when will she be insults with so many people?

Therefore, when Mingmei heard the people said that her words, tears can't help but flow.

"I ... I really want to give Chen Mo, I don't do anything else ..."

Mingmei shouted in the crowd, then turned directly to run away from the sales office.

But at this time, Chen Mer's reached out directly to the Mingmei.

Mingmei stunned, then twisted to see Chen Mo, the expression is excited: "Chen Mo, what do you do? I know that I don't want to face it? I don't want to add your WeChat, you hurry up. go……"

"I can let you add my WeChat!"

Chen Mo slowly said.

Everyone was in the original place after hearing Chen Mo, and the expression on his face was very shocked.

Even the expression on Mingmei's face is also very convinced.

"Chen Mo, you ... what do you say?" Mingmei knotted Baba asked Chen Union.

"I said that I can add your WeChat, but I need you to promise me!"

Chen Mo said.

"whats the matter?"

Mingmei quickly asked.

"What thing I will tell you, you can add my WeChat now!"

When I speaking, Chen Mo took out the phone from her own clothes, and opened WeChat to make it in front of Mingmei.

Mingmei feels happiness is really too sudden, even busy shaking the little hand and touches his mobile phone, and then adds Chen Mo's WeChat.

"You don't have to go first now, I will tell you something!"

Chen Mo saw that Mingmei plus his own WeChat, rushed to Mingmei.

"Ok ... ok!"

Mingmei obviously feels that there is a feeling of being stunned at this time, and I quickly rushed to nod.

The rest of the sales lady in the scene was seeing Chen Mozhen to make the Mingmei and his WeChat has closed his mouth and did not dare to laugh in the beauty.

At this time, most people think that Chen Mo is because of seeing the beautifulness of the Mingmei, the body is very good, and the heart has other ideas to Mingmei, so it will add Mingmei WeChat.

After all, Chen Mo's age is not old, and the little girl who looks pure and beautiful in Mingmei must have no resistance.

Wang Yaoyao stands far away is a face of vinegar. If Chen Mo is really ticking with Mingmei, then all the plans do not fall?

"This little goods will know to seduce Chen Gongzi!"

Wang Yaoyao couldn't help but jealousy, thinking about how he should deal with Mingmei.

If it is said that Wang Yaoyao is actually unfamiliar, only two people are very different styles, Wang Yaoyao belongs to the sexy royal sister, and Mingmei is a pure jade girl, no one knows that Chen Mo will prefer which style!

Mingmei saw Chen Mozhen and after WeChat, the heart naturally felt that Chen Mo moved his heart, after all, when Yesterday, Chen Mo was very interested in himself, but later because Gao Feifei and others appeared. Into all.

At this point, Mingmei already knows Chen Mo's identity, so if Chen Mo is really what thoughts, Mingmei is also very happy.

"Wang Zhongqiang!"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly shouted.

"Chen Gongzi, what do you have?"

Wang Zhongqiang went to Chen Mo and quickly rushed to Chen Mail.

"I just bought a villa right at your sales office?" Chen Mo slowed down.

"Yes, Chen Gongzi, I will prepare the contract now!"

Wang Zhongqiang said after the reaction came over.

"I don't have to prepare the contract, I bought it in this villa to give people, for a while, I will contact a woman named Su Mu, this woman has seen the house in your sales office, you said that someone bought it. This villa is given to her, but can not let Su Mu Bai know that I gave her, I understand what I mean? "Chen Mo said.

After listening to this sentence of Chen Mo, everyone exposed a shock expression.

No one thought that Chen Mo bought the more than 70 million villas actually to give people?

How much money is this?

A villa says it will send people!

And everyone saw Chen Mo's expression on his face. It seems that there is no such thing as an obvious, it is like a thing that is not worth 10 yuan.

Mingmei glared at the darkness of the darkness of the darkness and looked at Chen Mo. It seems to be more determined to make Chen Mo's decent. After all, the super rich second generation is not casual!

Wang Yaoyao didn't shock like others. After all, Chen Mo also bought a villa to give Lin Xi, but Wang Yaoyao is very embarrassing.

She didn't understand what the woman named Su Mug Bai and Chen Mo didn't matter. Chen Mo was so happy to give her such a villa!

And on the other side, Su Mu Bai has returned to his home.

But she didn't know that Chen Mo had bought this villa to give her, at this time, she is still worried about buying a villa's money.