Chapter 97: Abnormal Mingmei

The school playground.

All students in the class have reached the team and rinse the team, and only the sports committee Zhao Hongtao did not come back.

"What about sports members of your class?"

A middle-aged man in the body is bloated, and the face of the people came to everyone, and there was no expression.

"Teacher, Zhao Hongtao just went to the toilet, you should come over now!"

Li Kai heard the scorpion and shouted.

"It's really like, the sports committee actually can be late!"

Sports teacher snorted, and the expression on his face was very unhappy.

"teacher!"

At this time, Zhao Hongtao ran from the location of the classroom.

"What did you just do, can I be late at my lesson? Have you ever want to do this?" Sport teacher stared angry with Zhao Hongtao.

The students in the class have heard the phrase of the sports teacher, which has revealed the expression of a gloating, usually Zhao Hongtao, who is in the sports committee, did not bull with the students who did not deal with him, and now Zhao Hongtao is also reported. Those who have been bullied by Zhao Hongtao will be happy at this time.

"It's alive, I didn't expect him to have such a day!"

Meng Liang looked at Zhao Hongtao whispered.

"Teacher, I just had a little pain, I got a toilet!"

Zhao Hongtao took his belly and the voice explained a sentence.

"Okay, don't talk nonsense, hurry up!"

The sports teacher threw the flower name album to Zhao Hongtao's hands, and then he took a cool place to rest.

Zhao Hongtao started some name.

After confirming all the classmates of the class, Zhao Hongtao turned his head and said: "Teacher, people have arrived, what are we doing today?"

"I am not talking to you last time? First run a thousand meters, then the girl volleyball, boys basketball, what is your brain? This is not much!" Sports teacher said excited shout A.

"What, teacher, I forgot to bring basketball and volleyball ..." Zhao Hongtao pretended to have a helpless look, whispered.

"Then what do you still do here? Go back and take it!"

At this time, the physical education teacher has collapsed, and Zhao Hongtao will not make such a mistake at all, but today I don't know what it is, even the basketball volleyball is not brought.

Zhao Hongtao heard the teacher's words, I couldn't help but laugh in my heart. In fact, he knows that these things are needed today, but it is deliberately not brought, and now he can be big bright, let Chen Mo return to the classroom.

According to Zhao Hongtao's IQ, he will definitely can't think of such a thoughtful plan, all this is Li Kai.

At this time, Zhao Hongtao still has some admire Li Kai.

"Chen Mo, you go to the classroom to bring the volleyball basketball, the rest of the rest of the physical test!" Zhao Hongtao shouted with Chen Mo.

"Zhao Hongtao, clearly you forgot to bring things, why don't you go?" Meng Liang felt that Zhao Hongtao is deliberately bullying Chen Mo, so some uncomfortable shouts.

"Yeah, the classroom is so far from here, why do Chen Mo will go?" Liu Rui also shouted.

"I am a sports member, I will supervise everyone's physical test. Chen Mo's physical education class has always been good. What happened to me?" Zhao Hongtao stared at the bead back.

"So many things, Chen Mo should not get it, I will have one with him!"

At this time, Zhao An'an suddenly shouted.

Zhao Hongtao heard the words of Zhao An'an. If Zhao Anan is really taking Chen Mo to go to the classroom, then their things may reveal stuffing, Li Kai Gao Feifei is also revealing on the face. The look.

"The squad leader, today this test is very important, or you still don't go, after all, things are not a lot!"

Zhao Hongtao hesitated, and smiled, rushed to Zhao An'an.

"but……"

Zhao An An Zhang Wei also said.

"Forget it, I can have someone to get someone, I will go!"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly stood out and shouted.

Zhao Hongtao Li Kai and others listened to Chen Mo's sentence, and it was originally a bit of trouble. I didn't expect Chen Mo's now standing out, and that thing is simple.

"Line, Chen Mile, hurry, go back quickly!"

Zhao Hongtao shouted at Chen Mile.

Chen Miman didn't know that this is Zhao Hongtao's own set of circles, so there is no hesitation, and go directly to the position of the classroom directly.

......

After more than ten minutes, Chen Mo took a lot of basketball and volleyball back to the playground, and the students in the class were also finished.

Meng Liang Liu Rui sat on the grass and took a break, saw Chen Mo took so many things, I couldn't help but have some angry: "This Zhao Hongtao is really too much, so that Chen Mo has taken so much. thing!"

"In fact, these things are not very heavy, there is no need to be with Zhao Hongtao!"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"This is Chen Mo's, this is to be replaced with others will not go ..."

"Jingle Bell!"

Meng Liang's words have not been finished, his mobile phone rang.

"Jiaqi, what is it?"

Meng Liang took out the phone and took a phone call and smiled.

"Meng Liang, what are you doing? I have no lesson this afternoon, I will find you in your school?" Wei Jiaqi said.

"Okay, then you come over the afternoon!"

Meng Liang quickly returned to a sentence, then turned his head to Chen Mo, whispered: "Right, Jia Qi, your roommate is Mingmei?"

At this time, Meng Liang seems to have two people in Chen Ming Ming.

"Meng Liang, are you crazy? You won't introduce Mingmei with the poor silk Chen Mo? Mingmei people are so beautiful, the family is quite rich, how can I like Chen Mo? And Because the last thing, Mingmei has been born with me for a few days, you still let Chen Mo's silk, Mingmei is not possible to look at him at all! "

Wei Jiaqi shouted very excited.

"That ... that line!"

Meng Liang turned his head to see Chen Mo, and the expression had a bit of embarrassment.

"Then you are waiting for me at school, hanging!"

After saying this, Wei Jiaqi hangs directly.

......

Nanyang Music University Girls' Dormitory.

Wei Jiaqi finished the phone with Meng Liang, and stood in front of the mirror to make up the makeup, and then got up and prepared to leave the bedroom.

In fact, Wei Jiaqi is now looking for Meng Liang, not really wants to find Meng Liang, but because she is now no money, see if she can lie from Mengliang's hand.

However, Wei Jiaqi has walked out of the bedroom, and the mantime of dressing and dressing.

Ming beautiful face hangs a touch of smile, it seems that it seems to be good.

Wei Jiaqi saw a nervousness in the eyes of the eyes, because she always felt that she introduced Mingmei to Chen Mimanine, so she was so sorry, so she said to speak with Mingmei.

"Jiaqi, you have to go out?"

However, Wei Jiaqi did not say that this is not said, and Mingmei actually took the initiative to say.

Wei Jiaqi directly stunned in the original place, the expression on his face was very disgraced, because the last time Chen Mo's thing is not talking to her for several days, but today active Greet you with yourself.

"Mingmei actually forgive me so soon?"

Wei Jiaqi couldn't help but exclaimed.