Chapter 87: Presenting

There are a spicy hot restaurant in Nanyang City.

Wen Ruo looked at the Zhangfeng in front of him, and his face was very incredible because she didn't think of Zhang Feng actively asked her to open a house.

If Wen Rui is working with Zhang Feng for a long time, Wen Rui may not feel strange, after all, the couple is longer, and it is also a thing that is water to the stream.

But Wen Ruo is now known as Zhang Feng is only less than a week, and Wen Ruo is today, I promised to be with Zhang Feng. The two people have not taken it. Zhang Feng actually going to open a house with Wen Ruo, this is something Is anxious?

In fact, Zhang Feng also clear that he now requires Wen Ruo to open a house, it is indeed anxious, but there is no way, Zhang Feng does not intend to continue with Wen Ruo, this woman is consumed, because in the eyes of Zhang Feng, Wen Ruo is simply a bottomless, rich second generation It is not so good at all.

Zhang Feng is pretending to be the identity of the rich second generation. Every day, they will have a few thousand in Wen Ruo's live broadcast, and the rental of the car will have thousands of dollars a day, and there are two people dating!

This is only less than a week. Zhang Feng has owed someone else to hundreds of thousands of foreign debts, and these money are all borrowed from the Gao Li's hand, if Zhang Feng can't make this money on the money Upperprints may find the door at any time.

So Zhang Feng's current idea is very simple. That is to quickly pull the Wen Ruo to open the room, then take a few Wen Rui's bed, then use these photos to threaten the money.

In this case, Zhang Feng not only sleeps free to sleep like this, such a good beauty, and can also get a lot of money from Wen Ruo's hand to solve his own debt problem.

"Zhang Feng, I think the relationships we haven't to come back yet? Although I have promised to be with you, I haven't said that I really want to have anything to you. After all, I promise you. But just want to give you a chance to get along! "

At this time, Wen Ruo cold ice is directly interrupted all the fantasies of Zhang Feng.

Wen Ruo looked at the Zhangfeng in front of him, and the heart was very disappointed. She originally wants to follow Zhang Feng a chance, but never thought that Zhang Feng will actually don't cherish it.

"If you are, are you misunderstood me?"

Zhang Feng looked at Wen Ruo smiled, and then quickly explained: "I ... I have to go to the hotel with you, I just think that your home is really a bit far, it is better to open it in the hotel. Room, you have a good rest, I promise that I will not do anything! "

"You guarantee what you will do?"

Wen Ruoyi heard that he couldn't help but knew, then faintly said: "Zhang Feng, I am not the simple little girl in the school, I don't think so good, what do you want to do, what do you want to do? It is clear inside! "

"If you are, what do you mean by this?"

Zhang Feng heard the words of Wen Rui whispered.

"I don't mean. Zhang Feng, I admit that I am still good for your impression, but this doesn't mean that I am Wen Ruo is a casual woman. If you really want to keep with me, I think you still dismiss this I think! "

Wen Ruohe cold voice.

"Wen Rui, what are you too much? I want to take you to the hotel, it is worried that you are too tired, but I didn't expect you to think about me like this, I am really too Disappointed, is this a person in your eyes? "

After Zhang Feng saw Wen Ruo, after he broke his own plan, he was in the moment, and his expression was very excited to shout.

The customers inside the restaurant have heard the words of Zhang Feng, and they have twitched them in two.

At this time, Wen Ruoyi also took a shint of embarrassment, and the heart was secretly guess. Is it true that he is blamed? People Zhang Feng may not have some ideas you guess at all.

"Wen Ruoxi, we are only one day, I am in a hurry, it is impossible to take you to open a room on the first day? Even if it is a fool, will you make such a thing? Do you think I will do it? come out?"

Zhang Feng shouted with the eyes of the beads.

"Zhang Feng, you ... what are you excited?" After Wen Ruo saw Zhang Feng, there was a little regret that he should not say what he had just said.

And Zhang Feng said that he was in the future, he said directly to the iron and said: "Wen Rui, if you are worried that I will do for you in the hotel, then I will send you home now!"

After finishing this, Zhang Feng took directly to the restaurant.

"Zhang Feng!"

Wen Rui saw Zhang Fengzhen and then shouted, then stepped on high heels to catch up with Zhang Feng.

After Zhang Feng came out of the restaurant, he opened the door directly, then he shouted in Wen Ruo, and I got on the bus. I will send you home now! "

"Zhang Feng, I am sorry, I should not tell you those words, I may be really misunderstood!" Wen Ruo is very sorry to rush through Zhang Feng.

"..."

Zhang Feng listened to this, then she took a deep breath, and then the veins said: "If you are, I am really like you, so I will be with you, I am not the kind of person you think. , You have a meeting to me to know, but time can prove my love for you! "

Wen Rui heard Zhang Feng so deep confession, and suddenly flashed a touch, and some self-blame.

She felt that these things happened today, so that Wen Ruo was skeptical, so she would actively produce some contradictory psychology after heard that Zhang Feng has to take himself to open a house.

"If you are, I will send you home!"

Zhang Feng said softly.

"Yep!"

Wen Ruoyi nodded, then the posture was elegant and got on the car.

......

After getting on the bus, a simple Wen Ruo is always embarrassed to see the eyes of Zhang Feng. After all, the words you just said are too ugly.

"Zhang Feng, I am sorry, I don't feel wrong with you!"

Wen Rui hesitated and biting his lips and said softly.

"It doesn't matter, you are only for instinct, I can understand!" Zhang Feng returned.

Wen Rui saw that Zhang Feng was so considerate, and the feeling of the feeling of Zhang Feng in the heart was much higher.

"If you, you drink some water!"

At this time, Zhang Feng suddenly took out a bottle of mineral water to the front of Wen Rui.

Wen Ruo is basically not known why Zhang Feng suddenly lets you drink, the instinct, and then gently got a small mouth.

When Zhang Feng saw Wen Ruo, he had a proud smile on his face, and his heart was secretly sighed: "Wen Rui is Wen Ruo, but fortunately, you will be prepared before, or you really let you ran. ! "

After Wen Rui saw the smile on Zhang Feng face, I couldn't help but stunned, whispered: "Zhang Feng, what are you laughing?"

"nothing much!"

Zhang Feng returned to a sentence.

Wen Rui felt that Zhang Feng did not rush, and quickly looked up at the road outside his car. Suddenly found that this road is not a way to go home at Wen Ruo.

"Zhang Feng, where do you want to take me ..."

Wen Rui did not say that there was no export, and he felt a dizzy in his own brain.

At this time, Wen Ruo is reacted, Zhang Feng may be in the water!