Chapter 46: Wei Jiaqi's girlfriend

Chen Sile Meng Liang, Liu Rui, Li Qi and others walked into the day, although it was only 6 hours in the afternoon, but the bar is still full of people, and a large part is Nanyang University. s student.

Dressed fashion pretty men and men and women are accompanied by the dynamic music in the dance pool. The bodies are crazy, release the youth's hormones.

Chen Mo is the first time to come to this bar, so I just came in and was shocked by the scene inside.

Wei Jiaqi saw that Chen Mer's one was seen in the world, I couldn't help but show a very disdainful expression, but the two of Meng Liang Liu Rui still in Chen Mo, so there is no more to say anything.

"Jia Qi, I am here!"

At this time, not far from a clear makeup, with earrings jewelry, wear the sexy low chest T-shirt, step on the black high heel shoes, the legs on the legs, the girls in black stockings, put their hands.

Although the girl's dress is very sexy, in fact, the long phase can only be used in general, and there may even be the beautifulness of Wei Jiaqi, but the body is very good, the legs are long, and the double peaks in the chest are very towering. The size of normal female college students can have.

"I have passed!"

Wei Jiaqi turned softly, then said to Meng Liang and others: "That person is my roommate girlfriend Li Lele, let's go!"

"Great!"

Meng Liang was busy nodded.

Wei Jiaqi suddenly looked at Chen Mo, whispered: "Chen Mo, I will see my roommates, don't talk, don't expose you is a poor silk. ..."

"Jiaqi, can you say less!"

Meng Zhong couldn't help but frown.

"I don't do anything else. Do you want to introduce Chen Mo to my friend? If my friend knows that he is a broken, it is estimated that it will be twisted, so I am also good to remind him!" Wei Jiaqi faintly explained One sentence, then twist the little butt turned around the position of the sofa.

After a few seconds, everyone came to Li Lele's prior sofa area, and several people introduced each other.

Although Li Lele is in general, but because of the comparative sense of sex, it is not a boyfriend, so she also knows that Meng Liang has always likes Wei Jiaqi, and Liu Rui is not bad, but the long phase is too general, Chen Mo's long It is good, but it is a little too cold, and Li Lele naturally has no interest in Chen Mo.

Originally Li Lele also thought that Wei Jiaqi came with a few decent rich second generation, but did not expect that Chen Mo's goods came to Liu Rui, Li Lele casually lost interest, one person sat on the sofa and played a mobile phone.

Chen Sile Meng Liang, Liu Rui, Qi Qi, etc. also found their positions.

"Lele, two beautiful? Is she not coming with you?" Wei Jiaqi sat down and asked Li Lele.

"Second America just going to the bathroom!"

Li Lele searched nearby handsome guys while holding his mobile phone, and he was not awkward.

Since Chen Miles have no way to meet Li Lele requirements, then Li Lele will not be white to Nanyang University, so she is ready to hook a handsome guy in the bar.

"Then wait, it is estimated that the second beauty will come back!"

Wei Jiaqi said faintly.

However, Wei Jiaqi's sentence has just finished finishing, and I saw a very beautiful girl who stepped on the high-heeled shoes and tedting.

"Two beautiful came over!"

Wei Jiaqi saw a girl, and then he got up.

After a while, Wei Jiaqi took the beautiful girl back to everyone.

"I will introduce it to you, this is the big beauty of our Nanyang Music College, Mingmei Miss!"

Wei Jiaqi shouted with a beautiful girl around himself.

Chen Mo did not listen to this, I couldn't help but looked at the girls around Wei Jiaqi. I have to say that this Mingmei's long phase is actually much more delicate than Wei Jiaqi, Li Lele, and gives people feel very pure and cold, no matter It is the best to be the body or the picture.

At this time, Mingmei is wearing a black reverse bag, the skirt is perfectly bonded to the positive fitness, and it has taken a charming curve. The beautiful legs have long slender, the fiber is straight, and the foot is on a pair of white high. Sandals.

"Mingmei, these three people are my friends, Meng Liang Liu Rui Chen Mo!"

Wei Jiaqi turned his head and looked at Chen Mo three.

"Hello!"

Mingmei whispered a greeting.

"Hello beauty!"

Meng Liang was laughed with a smile, then continued: "Since everyone is all, then you don't have to polite, what you want to drink, anyway, what is Chen Mail, please ..."

Li Lele heard the words of Meng Liang, I couldn't help but twice again. I lost my eyes. I had a surprise among my eyes, because she originally thought that Chen Mo was so cold, it should be an ordinary student, but she didn't expect this The second time they came to the bar, they were actually Chen Mai.

So Li Lele has also changed some changes in Chen Mo at this time, and it is not allowed to be a relatively low-key model of dressing.

Li Lele hesitated, ready to change the position of Chen Mo, and communicate with Chen Mo.

But she didn't think of it, she didn't wait for her, and Meng Liang took Mingmei to Chen Mo's side, then smiled and said: "Mingmei, you are sitting here!"

Mingmei heard Meng Liang, I couldn't help but stunned, but I chose to sit by Chen Mo.

Although Chen Mo's dress does have some cold grate, she sees that Chen Mo's long-term appearance is good, and the people who are invited today are Chen Mile, and that Chen Mo's economic situation is not bad, so there is no refusal.

After Li Lele saw this scene, there were few less dissatisfaction in his heart, but it was not so embarrassed to say anything, only sitting alone.

Wei Jiaqi naturally does not take the initiative to expose Chen Mo's identity, and according to her understanding of Mingmei, Mingmei naturally will not like Chen Mo, so the default is that Meng Liang wants to match Chen Ming Mingmei.

After the guests were in the case, they have started chatting while drinking.

Mingmei this girl seems to be more cold, but personality is not very inherent, and it is actively chatting with Chen Sail.

But after all, today is the first time, Mingmei definitely will not have any feelings for Chen Mo, but Mingmei's impression of Chen Mo is also a problem. When a friend should still have any problems.

And Chen Mo saw that people were so enthusiastic, and naturally, they were naturally unwilling to think about their faces, so they also responded to the same enthusiasm.

Just when Chen Mai came to the Mingmei, the day came into a group of people.

The person who took the lead is not someone else. It is the day of the loss of Li Kai, who took several times in Chen Sail, while Gaffeffi Liu Luo Xu Jiao and the other classmates above were followed by Li Kai.