Chapter 145: Are you playing me?

Chen Mo listened to Su Mu Bai, twisted Li Juncheng, Li Juncheng smiled, then whispered: "Then I will go to the car first!"

"Yep!"

Chen Mo nodded, then turned to the position of Su Mu Bai.

Sue Mu-Bai saw Chen Mo's coming over, there was a nervousness in the beautiful, and the next steps were retired.

"Do you call me?"

Chen Mo asked Su Mu Bai.

"What, Chen Mo, today's things really thank you, if you are not you shouting Li Zhongshu, I can't get this investment at all!" Su Mu-white voice rushed to Chen Mo.

"You are my unmarried wife, you tell me that these are some of them?"

Chen Mo smiled.

"I just feel very embarrassed, you can help me, but I will misunderstood you again, I still think that you are a liar, I think it is really too sorry!"

Su Mu Bai didn't apologize today, but apologized for all things I have done before Chen Mo, in fact, she has never regarded Chen Mo as a fianfaster, but Chen Mo did try their best. Help her, I feel very whispered in her heart.

"As long as you don't misunderstand now!"

Chen Mo listened to Su Mu Bai's sentence, I feel that my mood seems to be a lot, no matter how songs in the middle, the last result is good, Su Mu Bai is also from the heart to accept yourself.

"When we met the first time, I sent it to my heart, I feel that I can't fall in love with someone who is not familiar with, so I will give you a three chapter of the law, but later I also thought about it, since we Two have marriages, I have to marry you sooner or later ... "Su Mu-Bai said that he paused here, watching Chen Mo did not speak.

"and then?"

Chen Mo's expression went to Su Mu Bai.

"..."

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo and did not say exit, but did not explain his own words, but whispered: "In fact, there is nothing, I just want to tell you, I think we can start with each other from friends. ! "

"Well! Then you have learned from friends!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

Although Su Mu Bai said out what he wanted, but at this time, Chen Mo also guess Su Mu Bai wants to tell himself.

After experiencing this matter, Su Mu Yinxin has a very big change to Chen Mo's view, although there is nothing to like to like Chen Mo's point, but she is willing to start a little bit to accept Chen Mo.

"Chen Mo, in fact, I still don't understand ..."

Su Mu Bai saw Chen Mailing's meaning in the future, did not continue to talk about this, but changed a topic.

"What? You ask it directly!"

"I don't understand why, why do you know Li Jincheng, you should have no intersection?" Su Mu Bai looked up at Li Juncheng's position and asked.

"I will meet Li Juncheng because I saved him once, he could help me this time, but I still have to save him in the beginning!"

Chen Mo has compiled an excuse, and he knows that he can't say his identity.

"You actually rescued Li Juncheng?"

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo and the expression was very surprised.

"Yes, Li Juncheng was chased by a group of people, I hiding him!"

Chen Mo said faint.

In fact, Chen Mo will guess Su Mu Bai will be curious to know Li Juncheng, so he has changed this excuse when he talks about the contract with Li Juncheng.

"So this is ah!"

Su Mu Bai nodded gently, although I feel some incredible, but Chen Mo's statement is not acceptable.

"Do you have anything? If there is nothing, I will go first!"

Chen Mo worried that he could set this with Su Mu Bai, so I want to find a chance to leave.

"Originally, I have to come to our company to go to you to make a marriage certificate, but I didn't expect that there were so many things happened in these two days!"

Su Mu Bai looked at the watch while speaking, then whispered: "Now there should be closed there, do you have time tomorrow? Do you have two marriages?"

"Yes, I have time!"

Chen Merloo is busy nod.

"That ... that will be seen tomorrow!" Su Mu Lany said in Chen Mo.

"Well, see you tomorrow!" Chen Mo nodded.

"I will go back, you will go back early!" Su Mu Bai waved his own little hand in Chen Mo, and then turned into the company.

Chen Mo looked at the back of Su Mu, gently sighed, and then turned and went to the Mercedes-Benz where Li Juncheng is located.

"Chen Gongzi, today is really too embarrassed, the plane is relatively long, I just gave a company to come to you. The company is not wedding. Chen Mo explained a sentence.

"You are still a timely!"

Chen Mo fell back and then continued: "You have always worked about Su Mu, you have recently, if she has something to help, you can help her!"

"Chen Gongzi, you can rest assured, as long as Su Miss can use the resources, I will do my best to help without exposing your identity!" Li Juncheng said.

"Yep!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then looks at Li Juncheng asked: "Right, is it as long as I have a marriage certificate with Su Chong, I will tell Sue-Bai, I will tell Sue Mutual?"

"This one……"

Li Jun came to hesitate to hesitate, then whispered: "Chen Gongzi, if you have led the marriage certificate with Su Miss, then you will really inherit the old chairman's legacy, but there is a regulation above Miss Su must be with you, this legacy is effective ... "

"He is willing to tell me what I do with me?" Chen Mo's expression asked with Li Juncheng.

"It means that Miss Su must really love you, you can really inherit the heritage!"

Li Juncheng returned to a sentence.

"Is there this on the contract? Are you playing me here?"

Chen Mo listened to Li Juncheng, and Chen Mi Cheng was speechless, and the expression was excited.

"There is a contract, and it is very clear about writing, or now I will find the contract now." Li Juncheng said.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Li Jincheng in front of him and his expression was abnormally collapsed.

Originally, he thought that he could have a marriage certificate with Su Mu, which is over. If you don't have to cover it in front of Su Mu, he didn't expect that Wang Cheng actually metamorphosis, but also asked Su Mu Bai must really fall in love with him, he can inherit the heritage!

What is this rule?

Chen Mo could not expose his identity, but also so that Su Mu Bai is willing to follow himself.

This is simply more difficult than letting Chen Mo fly around the sky!

"Chen Gongzi, you can rest assured, I will try my best to pursue Su Miss!" Li Juncheng said with Chen Mo.

"You still pull it, you can help me so older?"

Chen Mo is now watching Li Juncheng very angry. After all, when I first sign the contract, Li Juncheng did not mention Su Ji Bai must be with himself. He is said that Chen Mo must marry Su Mu Bai as a wife.

"Ha ha……"

Li Juncheng's expression laughed, then looked at Chen Mo: "Chen Gongzi, in fact, I still have a very important thing to tell you ..."

"whats the matter?"

Chen Mo saw Li Juncheng's eyes were somewhat uncomfortable, and quickly called.