Chapter 24: Do you have evidence?

Jacques restaurant.

Chen Mermail looked at the elegant beauty came out from the crowd, and the shocking emotions in his heart did not complement.

Long skirts, high heels, light makeup, devil's general figure, angels, plus the temperament outside the refusal to thousands of miles.

Chen Mo felt that the elegant beauty was like the characters who only appeared in the TV series, it was too much not true.

Chen Mo does not understand how the real society may have such a stunning beauty?

Elegant beauty has been waiting for more than ten minutes in the private room, and I found that the little girl didn't come back yet. Some worried that the little girl had encountered anything, so they came out.

But I have never thought of that the elegant beauty just got out of the private room and saw the little beauty and Chen Mile.

"Xiaoyu, what is this?"

The elegant beauty can't help but turn his head and bow his eyes and asked with brows.

"The cousin, I just bulld me!"

The little beauty came to the side of the side, and the poor Baba shouted.

"How to bully you?"

Elegant beautiful woman asked.

"He took water on my face!"

The little girl quickly shouted.

Elegant beauty can't help but turn his head again, then got a look, then whisper: "Xiaoyu, I think this person should not deliberately, almost even if it is almost."

Chen Mo listened to the dignity of the portrait, I couldn't help my heart, he felt that this Duanzhuang beauty was significantly better than that of the little girl.

"The cousin, you don't know the situation, this person is deliberate!"

The little beauty heard this after heard this.

"How do you know that people are deliberate?" The portrait is very clear in the heart of the child, and there is an unusual curvature of the mouth, and it is true that Chen Mo is still in the scene.

The little girl hesitated, then he said in two sentences in the elegant beauty ear.

After hearing a small beauty, the portrait of the eyes flashed a different look, but did not say much.

"Manager Zhang, you said that this person is also a guest of your restaurant. You have no way to deal with him. If this is this person is not your restaurant? Do you have the right to take this person?" The little beauty saw that the elephant beauty did not continue After blocking yourself, reach the finger directly at Chen Mo's position.

"Is he not the guest of our restaurant?"

Zhang Yi heard the phrase of the little girl couldn't help but stunned. The expression on his face was very upset.

After all, if the Jacques restaurant is not eating, can you come over?

"Miss Su, what do you mean by this sentence?"

Yi Yi wrinkled with brows.

"I know this person, he is a poor-eyed egg, usually in Nanyang University, this kind of person is not to practice, how can he have money to eat?"

The little girl shouted.

Zhang Yi couldn't help but see the position of Chen Mo, and the eyes flashed a doubt.

"Yeah, you look at the clothes wearing on the child, it is completely powerful, how can he have money to eat such a place?"

"I think this kid comes to the Jacques restaurant should have any other purpose?"

"Even if there is no other purpose, can't make anyone mix it in and affect everyone's eating mood!"

The surrounding people saw Chen Mo's dressing and started a whisper.

When the little girl heard the expression of these people, the expression on his face was more proud. The previous step is shouting: "Manager, I have doubt that this person is likely to come to your Jacques restaurant to steal the West. , You should hurry out this person! "

Everyone he said, the face changed, and she started to check that her things were lost.

When Zhang Manager, the expression on his face also changed, after all, if Chen Mo said the little beauty said, it is really coming in to stealing things, then this is also a dereliction of duty, if the above people have crime, they also have to Take responsibility.

"How do you know that I am not coming to this place? Is there anything you whitened?"

Chen Mima asked in front of the front side, asked the little beauty.

"Can you have money to eat this place?"

The little girl can't help but smirk.

"I have no money to eat this place is my own thing, but what evidence do you have to come here? Do you have any evidence to prove that I am a thief?"

Chen Mo said that he was very calm and asked.

And the little girl saw Chen Mo's tone so aggressive, and the eyes flashed in a panic. After all, she was very clear in her heart. The words he just said, but she was speculated, now Chen Mo suddenly let her Take evidence, she has no evidence.

"Little jade, or today, do you have anything today?" Elegant beauty did not want to continue so hard, couldn't help but persuade a sentence.

"No, this person will definitely have no money to come here!"

The little beauty seeing her own retaliation plan is about to succeed. I naturally don't want to give up at this time.

"Miss Su, today you can come out this person is really not evidence of our restaurant to eat, I can make him go out!"

Zhang Yi said on the front step and said to the little beauty.

The little girl heard the sentence of Zhang Yi, couldn't help but in the original place, the expression on his face was very helpless, because she really can't find any evidence.

"Since I want evidence, then I will testify it!"

Just at this time, a boy's voice was rang.

Chen Mail couldn't help but twist his head and looked at his body. He saw Li Kai and Gao Feifei two from the crowd.

"Who are you?" Zhang Yi did not know Li Kai, and couldn't help but asked.

"Who is it not important, but I know who he is!"

Li Kai said that he was directly twisted to see Chen Mo's position.

"Who is he?"

"Yes, this person is called Chen Mo, which is the students of our Nanyang University. It is also my classmate. I am very well understood by him. He usually in our school is to maintain life, how can we have money to come to you What is this restaurant? "Li Kai said very arrogant.

Everyone listened to Li Kai's sentence, all of them were in the same place.

If you are a little girl, someone says that Chen Mo has no money to come. This place may be skeptical, but the two people say this, then everyone feels that the little beauty seems to be very credible.

......