Chapter 62: Can you conceal it?

Chen Mo saw that Wei Xiaole appeared in the entrance of the community, and there were fewer tensions in the heart.

Although Chen Mo has mentioned himself to Wen Ruo, it is the past, and I want to tell Wen Ruo, but when Chen Mo is only for the safety considerations of Wen Rui, I have said words.

But at this time, Chen Mo did not intend to expose his identity. He naturally didn't want Wen Ruo to know what he and Wei Xiaole.

Wei Xiaole took directly to the community, perhaps because of the angle relationship, Wei Xiaole did not find Chen Mo in the first time.

After Chen Mo hesitated, he turned to hide behind a car.

"Wen Rui!"

At this time, Wei Xiaole suddenly shouted.

Wen Rui heard someone shouted his name, and then slowly turned his head to see Wei Xiaole.

Although Wen Rui did not know that Wei Xiaole was the Nanyang Wei Gongzi who was in the live broadcast platform, she met her tiger brother with Wei Xiaole.

When Wen Ruo saw these people, I thought that these people came to find themselves, and they were flashing in the beautiful, and then they were completely seen in the door of the community.

After all, Wen Ruozhen also saw Chen Mo standing there. She felt that Chen Mo will definitely leave so quickly, so she hopes to be hoped on Chen Mo's body.

But when Wen Ruo saw Chen Mo, he was directly in the original place, and his face was very speechless.

Because from her perspective, I was able to see Chen Mail hiding behind the car, and Wei Xiaole and others had no way.

"When Zhang Feng was fighting, Chen Mo hid in one side, did not say, now these people find the door, Chen Mo actually hid, I was really got to know Chen Mo's kind of person!"

Wen Ruo's expression is very disappointed, then there is no first time to choose to escape, but go to the community outside.

"Are you Wen Ruo?"

Wei Xiaole looked up and went to Wen Ruo, and asked softly.

"Yes, I am Wen Ruo, I have already considered it last night, as long as you can find me, I can sign a contract to Nanyang Wei Gongzi!" Wen Rui felt that he could not fight these People, although they are very unwilling, but she can only do this.

"What, Wen Rui, I think you may have a bit misunderstood!" Wei Xiaole looked at Wen Ruo smile and then he continued: "I just have been talking to you. Wei Gongzi!"

"You are the Wei Gongzi in Nanyang?"

Wen Rui heard the phrase of Wei Xiaole flashed, because she didn't understand why Wei Xiaole is like a person, talking with himself so polite.

"Right, I am Nanyang Wei Gongzi!"

Wei Xiaole is gently nod, then looks at Wen Ruo, "What, I feel that there may be some misunderstandings between our two, I apologize to the previous things!"

After Wei Xiaole finished this sentence, he went straight to Wen Ruo.

Wen Rui looked at Wei Xiaole in front of him. The expression on his face was very shocked. She thought that Wei Xiaole was looking for someone to think about him, and I also gave him a person today. , Take the initiative to apologize for yourself!

After he saw Wei Xiaole apologized, he also began to apologize to Wen Ruo.

"What do you mean?"

Wen Rui shouted.

"Miss Wen, we don't mean anything else, just come over to tell you, you have to say that you know Hao Ge, I didn't dare to be difficult for you, do you say?" Wei Xiaolu smiled.

"Hao Ge?"

Wen Ruo is completely complete, and I don't know what Wei Xiaole wants to do.

"Miss Wen, this is 20,000 yuan, I heard that I hurt your friends yesterday, this is a medical expense, after you do what you want to do in the live broadcast platform, I will never affect you. It will not force you to sign me! "

On the side of Wei Xiaole, he handed 20,000 yuan to the hands of Wen Rui, and then he was still in Wen Ruo, and Wei Xiaole took people directly to leave.

After a while, Black Passat disappeared at the location of the community.

Wen Ruo is holding 20,000 yuan, and his face is abnormal.

"Is it the busyness of Zhang Feng?"

After the reaction, I couldn't help but ruthless.

I know that Wen Ruo is contradicting the contradiction between Wei Xiaole, but only Chen Mo is two people.

And Chen Mo saw that Wei Xiaole didn't hide directly. Wen Ruo felt that it was not Chen Mo to help himself. It is really Chen Mo to help himself. Chen Mo is now there is no reason to hide!

If not Chen Mo's words, it should be Zhang Feng. After all, Zhang Feng said last night to investigate, who is threatening to Wen Ruo.

Thinking of this, Wen Ruo is more grateful to Zhang Feng's gratitude, it is still entangled, you should not take her with her girlfriend. At this time, the heart has obviously already had an answer.

People Zhang Feng Xiangying handsome is handsome, the character is also very good, the main thing is the key time to protect yourself, unlike Chen Mo's coward, see Wei Xiaole's people come, actually hide directly behind the car, Wen Ruiyi I think it is ridiculous.

Just starting Wen Ruo's impression is still quite good, although it is poor, but the character is very good, but it seems that it is really a knowledgeman who knows people!

After I saw Wei Xiaole, I walked out from the back of the car, then smiled and said: "Is these people who have just threatened your people yesterday? They are now apologizing you, you should Nothing is dangerous? "

"Is there any danger to have a relationship with you?"

Wen Ruo Yan is very cold back to a sentence.

After Chen Mo saw Wen Ruo, he treated himself or this attitude, his heart was a little, he felt that Wen Ruo's mood should be good!

"Where did you hide? I thought that these people came over to find me trouble, afraid of being tired of being tired, I watched Chen Mo very disdainful, and said with a small mouth.

Chen Mo was heard of Wen Rui, and the eyes flashed. He finally understood why Wen Ruo was still this attitude.

It turned out that Wen Ruo is misunderstood. Just now Chen Mima hide is nothing more than worry that Wei Xiaole exposes his identity, but in the eyes of Wen Ruo, it is a fear of being embedded so it is only hiding.

"I just didn't deliberately hiding ..."

Chen Mo's mouth wants to explain.

But at this time, a Mercedes-Benz stopped on the side of the road.

"!"

A sudden sound, the door of the Mercedes branch bounces.

The sexy and beautiful sales lady Wang Yaoyao came out of the Mercedes-Benz, and the beautiful moved around. After seeing Chen Mo, he took the high-heeled shoes and Ting Ting's rushing.

After Chen Mo saw Wang Yao Yao, Chen Yaoyao has helplessly helplessly.

I just escaped a Wei Xiaole. At this time, I came to a Wang Yaoyao.

"It seems that I can't hide it!"

Chen Mo knows that he wants to hide now, and time is definitely no.

Wang Yaoyao is only to talk to himself, and the Wen Ruo will definitely be aware that it is not right, so Chen Mo is thinking that it is concealed.