Chapter 132: Are you crazy?

Su Mu Bai's conference room.

"Soviet, today you have to give us a stuffed share, otherwise we will not go!"

A middle-aged man who worked in a suit was very excited and shouted at Su Mu.

"Yes, if we can't get money today!"

"Don't go!"

The rest of the shareholders have also shouted.

"Uncle Zhang, Uncle Li, you see it in my father's face, give me a few days, I will definitely give you a satisfactory manner after three days ..." Su Mushen stretched out his own temple, express I tiredly said that everyone said.

"Also give you a few days?"

The middle-aged man can't help but laugh after hearing this.

"Mu Bai, Mu Bai, we were in the face of your father to invest in your company, but also to let you manage this company on your father's face!"

"Yeah, but I didn't expect that you actually manage the company as this today. You still want us to give you a few days, how much time we are given, you think about it!"

"I know that a few uncles have always taken care of me, but I really encountered some troubles, I ..."

Su Mu Bai looked at everyone wanted to explain.

"You are you? A few days ago, we thought that Zhang Shao can invest our company. You can bring some changes to the company, but now it is good, you actually tell Zhang Shao's investment, we have arrived. Global, you must give me a business today! "

The middle-aged people glared at the eyes of the beads.

"But I can't get it now, so much money is given to you!"

Su Mu Bai sat in place, and the expression shouted.

"You can't get it without a money, you have no relationship. You can now find Zhang Shao, as long as Zhang Shao can invest us, we don't have an urgent need!" The middle-aged people have no expression.

After hearing this sentence, Su Mu Bai couldn't help but stunned, and the beauty flashed a different look.

She knows that these shareholders present have their own business, and they are not particularly many shares of Su Mingbai, if they really have to be billed, everyone will get one or two million, this pen Money is definitely not bigger for the big boss like them.

But these people have been asking Su Mu Bai retreat, and I have been looking for three days. This is obviously less normal. The big boss who is such a big boss is completely unnecessary because of this small money.

In the case of the sentence that Joined the middle-aged person, Su Mu Bai suddenly responded that these people may not really want to have a stock, they should be with Zhang Shantai, let Su Mu Bai take the initiative to find Zhang Shao And promise to follow the requirements of Zhang Shao.

Everything that happens these days is that Zhang Leo is good for her plan.

But Sue Mu-Bai now knows Zhang Shao's conspiracy, she has no solution.

Either it is to give these shareholders, and your company will close.

Either it is to agree with Zhang Shao, but Su Mu Bai is not less likely to be with Zhang.

"Mu Bai, you only need to give Zhang Shao, Zhang Shaoong gives us company investment, we will not ask for retaining, it is very simple, you said that you have to make so complicated? ? "

"Yeah, Mu Bai, isn't it a call? Is there such a hard work?"

Another middle-aged man shouted.

" !"

At this time, the door of the conference room was suddenly pushed.

After listening to the voice, he turned his head to the direction of the entrance to the meeting room. ! "

"I came over to help you solve this thing!"

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu, and the tone was calm back.

"You ... do you help me solve this thing?"

Su Mu, listened to Chen Mo, can't help but smile, Chen Mo's a few kilograms of two Su Mu Bai very clear, so I said directly: "This is not you can solve, you still go out!"

"Chen Mo, how do you suddenly run in? You hurry up, don't give me a sister!"

At this time, Su Yucu ran in this time, and the expression was very excited.

"Who is this kid?"

"Can he help us with a stock or help us find investment!"

"Hahaha!"

The big bosses in the conference room heard Chen Mo said that after this thing is going to solve this matter, all began to laugh.

And the expression on the face of Su Mu's face is more disgusted. Chen Mo is just a poor student, the small waiter inside the bar, today, this matter is not he can solve, plus everyone's mocking tone, also Let Su Mu Bai are very uncomfortable.

"I can help you in today, you believe me!"

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu Bai.

"Chen Mo, do you think that I am not chaotic here? Can you add anything else, you have to give me out, don't be shameful here?"

Although Su Mu Bai knows that Chen Mo is also a good heart, this matter is not that Chen Mo can solve it, so Su Mu Bai directly frowned.

"Mu Bai, what is this little child do? Is it your company's employee?"

A middle-aged people got up and down, Chen Mo's eyes, and the expression asked.

"he is……"

"I am her fiance!"

Su Mu Bai's words have not been finished, Chen Mo looked back.

"fiancé?"

After listening to Chen Mo's sentence, everyone was in the original place, and the expression on his face was very incredible.

Although they knew that Su Mu Bai refused Zhang Shao because she had a fiance now, no one thought that the original Su Mu Bai's fiance is this looks very common poor pizza.

Everyone wants to understand why Su Mu, why is Su Mu, who will find a person such as Chen Mo as a fiance.

And Su Mu, who turned his eyes, seemed to be very dissatisfied with Chen Mo just exposed two relationships.

"Chen Mo, you hurry to get out!"

Su Mu Bai rushed to him, and he was shouted in Chen Mo's eyes.

"I am your fiance, your company has a problem, I will not stand by!"

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu Bai faint.

"Chen Mo, are you a problem with your brain? Do you think you have the ability to manage my sister company? Do you still put your mind how to do more?" Soviet jade is very Polishing Chen Mo said.

In the eyes of the two people of Su Mu Bai, Chen Mo is just a poor student. The company's things are not understanding. Chen Mo is now just addict.

"This kid is a broken,"

"Hahaha, I didn't expect to know that you have found a fiance. Do you know this thing?"

"Mu Bai, Mu Bai, you said what you think? How did you find such a fiance?"

Those people in the conference room looked at Chen Mo's position laughed, and the expression on his face was abnormal.

"..."

Chen Mo saw the smile of these people, and the eyes flashed a trace of anger.

These people have ridiculed themselves, but they actually laughed together.

Chen Mo took the front of the table before picked up the folder above the table, and the action was extremely smoked on a middle-aged man's face.

"Snapped!"

A loud noise.

Everyone's laughter stopped, everyone looked at Chen Mo's position, and his face was extremely shocked.

The middle-aged man who was hit by Chen Mo was also in the original place, and his eyes were angry.

"Chen Mo, are you crazy?"

Su Mu-white expression was extremely crashing in Chen Sile.

......