Chapter 66: Liar?

Sales inside the sales office I bought this villa in this villa who heard Chen Mo, all showed a shock expression.

Although people who can come here to buy villas are generally rich, this sales staff is very clear in the heart, but they have never seen such a happy rich people like Chen Mo, and never asked this. How much does it cost in the villa, how big is there, there is no discount of a category.

Just one sentence, I bought this villa, domineering is incomparable.

It seems that there are so many salespersons in the scene, only the expression of Wang Yao Yao's face is normal. After all, she only has something that Chen Mo looks like.

"This ... this gentleman, you have to buy this villa? You don't need to consider it?"

At this time, Sun Wei was also completely shocked by Chen Mo, and asked Chen Mail.

Customers who can encounter such a happiness almost all the salespersons do their dreams every night, but this customer is incomparable to the real existence, Sun Wei finds that she has no way to accept it for a while.

"Isn't it a villa? Is there any need to consider?"

Chen Mo looked down with Sun Wei, and the calm tone is a little less real.

"No, I mean that you all know the true price of this villa, you will be fixed now, you ..."

Sun Wei looked at Chen Mo's voice and said it was very tight.

"Sun Wei, what is your meaning?

Wang Yaoyao smiled and laughed from Sun Wei, and then continued: "A few days ago, Chen Gongzi also bought a villa in my sales office. At that time, I didn't listen to the specific price of the villa. Chen Gongzi and other The rich people can not be the same, and this money to buy a villa does not have anything in the eyes of Chen Gongzi ... "

"but……"

Sun Wei said that he still had to talk. After all, she still feels that Chen Mo is so happy to buy this villa, some are not true.

"Nothing, since Chen Gongzi said that they have to buy this villa, then they must buy it, what are you doing here? I still don't hurry to prepare the contract?" Wang Yaoyao is also an example. It is shouting with Sun Yanyi whispered in the eyes of Water Wang.

Although this villa is really bought, Wang Yaoyao can win most of the commissions, but Sun Yizhen is a manager of the sales office, and naturally there will be a big benefit, so she doesn't dare to have any negative, expressions. Excited by Chen Mo: "Mr. Chen, trouble, wait a moment, I ... I will prepare the contract!"

"Yep!"

Chen Mo didn't look at Sun Wei and nodded gently.

At this time, Wang Yaoyao, when I saw Chen Mo's eyes, I was so sweet. If I was not because Chen Mo's appearance, Wang Yaoyao can see Sun Wei's appearance, so I have already planned to play this evening.

It is difficult to encounter a super rich second generation of Chen Mo, Wang Yaoyao must seize this opportunity anyway.

After the finishing between Chen Mo, Sun Wei came to the upstairs to start preparing the contract.

In fact, people who are going to buy villas here are a part of the deposit, and then wait until a few days to supplement the tail, but when Sun Wei saw Chen Mima seems to have the meaning of the delivery, it is certainly going to take this one. The pen is paid, so Sun Hao is busy with the staff in the sales office, and I don't want to miss this kind of good opportunity.

At this time, the remaining sales lady also changed the attitude toward Chen Mo, and began to take the initiative to pour the water, the eyebrows.

But they also clear Wang Yaoyao's meaning against Chen Mo, so don't contacted Chen Mo too much, point until

When I started, I was guessing that Wang Yao Yao was deceived by Chen Mo, so I will misunderstand that Chen Mo is a rich second generation, but when I saw Chen Mo, I bought a villa, and everyone started. Darkness is in your heart, the luck of Wang Yao Yao is good.

And Wang Yaoyao also enjoys this feeling very much.

A few minutes later, Sun Wei took a few points to buy a house contract panicked to Chen Mo's side, and said softly, said: "Mr. Chen, the contract is ready, you see how you plan to pay a house cost of?"

"Swipe!"

Chen Mo said faint.

"Good ..."

Sun Wei nodded and todped, then bending his waist and pulled out a pose for Chen Mili, smiled and said: "Mr. Chen, you will pay it here!"

"Yep!"

Chen Miman followed Sun Wei and Wang Yaoyao and others rushed to the financial department of the sales office.

The remaining small sales lady inside the sales office is very curious, so I have followed Chen Mo and others.

At this time, Chen Mo feels that he is a emperor, and there are countless uniforms, such a feeling really feel very comfortable.

If Chen Mo does not inherit the trillions of the heritage of Wangcheng, then he may have no chance to experience this in this life.

"Chen Gongzi, please take it ..."

Sun Wei is very active to help Chen Mai moving over a chair.

And Chen Mo is also welcome to sit directly on the chair.

"Mr. Chen, the villa you just look at is 7,366,600. Are you preparing to swipe?" Financial little sister seems to be a little nervous.

"Yes, swipe!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then reached out and touched his pocket and prepared to take out the black card of his Huaxia Bank.

However, when Chen Merlot, he flashed a helpless on his face.

Because Chen Mo suddenly remembered, he changed a pants last night, and his bank card inside another trousers, that is, Chen Miman did not bring the bank card.

"Mr. Chen, you can swipe now!"

Sun Wei saw that Chen Mo was sitting in place, and he couldn't help but reminded Chen Mo.

"..."

Chen Mimei watched Sun Wei and then said softly: "What, I can not pay tomorrow, this villa, you will help me today!"

After listening to Chen Mo's sentence, everyone fell into a shower, everyone looked at Chen Mo, even when Wang Yao Yao's beauty flashed.

"Mr. Chen, why do you want to pay tomorrow?"

Sun Yu looked at Chen Mail asked.

"Because I forgot to bring the bank card out!" Chen Mo fell back.

Sun Wei and the remaining small sales lady in the scene later changed, the face was changed, and everyone saw Chen Mo's eyes as if they were watching a liar.