Chapter 136: See you tomorrow!

Original Su Mu Bai is a problem with his father's company, so it is not forced to become Chen Mo's unmarried wife.

Although Su Mu Bai once with the three chapters of Chen Merrow, he said that he would only be a friend of Chen Mo, two people have their own lives and do not interfere.

However, in fact, Su Mu Bai is just saying that, she has no way to make her husband at all, and there will be things with people in the back, so Su Mu Bai has been all recently. In the investigation, Chen Mo is investigated, trying slowly to accept Chen Mo.

Through these days, Su Mu Bai's understanding of Chen Mo, Su Mu, who felt that Chen Mo did not actually have a big problem in addition to the poor.

So Su Mu Bai will only take Chen Mo's own company, go to Chen Mile.

She intended to follow Chen Mile collar, let Chen Mo moved to her home, although she couldn't accept it in a bed in a short time, but she can let Chen Mai live in other rooms, two people know each other, say If you are slowly, you will really accept Chen Mo.

However, Su Mu Bai did not think that there would happen today. Today, when Chen Mo did not say, nothing, Su Mu Bai will not be angry, because she knows that Chen Mo does not have the ability to manage himself. .

But Chen Mai is going to stand up to add, but also blows yourself to find new investors.

Su Mu Bai didn't have a way to accept Chen Mo to lie to himself. So at this time, the idea in her heart also changed. She wanted to cancel her own marriage contract with Chen, and then let her own company closed, and finally Father's debt.

Now Su Mug Bun Ning can bear high debt, even to join, she doesn't want people like Chen Mo together for a lifetime.

Chen Mo looked at Su Mu Bai in front of himself, he did not think that this thing would make Su Mu Bai so excited.

"Do you have to cancel the marriage with me?"

Chen Mer asked in Su Mu Bai.

"Yes, I am very confirmed now, you are really disappointed today!" Su Mu Bai said that he was very firm.

"..."

Chen Mai stands in place in the place, hesitated for two seconds, and he is very thought about it.

But helpless Chen knows that if he is really so, he will lose the right to inherit the Heritage of Wangcheng.

Just because of a misunderstanding, let Chen Mo lose everything that should belong to him, Chen Mo is very unwilling.

"Why do you want to cancel marriage with me?"

Chen Mer bite his teeth and asked in Su Mu.

"Because you deceive me today, I will not marry a liar!"

"If I don't lie to you?"

Chen Mo asked directly.

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mile can't stand it.

"Investors will come over tomorrow, if you want to cancel the marriage contract with my, can you give me a day? If you don't have anyone to invest in your company, you don't have to cancel the marriage, how do I cancel myself?" Chen Mo is very Seriously rushing to Su Mu Bai.

"..."

Su Mu Bai did not speak.

Chen Mo saw Su Mu Bai did not speak, directly slammed the stagnation joint from the hands of Su Tuyu, and then threw it on the table of the meeting room, shouted in the meeting room in the conference room: "Just now you Does people want to have a retreat? Sign this contract, then go! "

"Kid, we want to retreat, you want us to sign the contract, but if we sign the contract, what should I do? Who gave us this money?"

A middle-aged man is not expressing the expression of Chen Mail.

"I will come here for me to send a spending. If Su Mu Bai has no money, I will give you!"

Chen Mo shouted.

"What are you giving? You are a bar's waiter, can you take this money?" The middle-aged man shouted.

"I said that I will give you, I will give you, don't talk about it, or sign the contract, or give me a glow now!"

Chen Mo also had no way to suppress emotions in your heart, and the expression is angry.

"..."

Everyone seems to be scared by Chen Mo's momentum, and they have turned their heads to Zhang Ze's position.

After hesitating for two seconds, Zhang Ze said in Chen Mo. "What should I do if I can't find you tomorrow?"

"You can rest assured, I will definitely come over!"

Chen Mo slowed down.

"That's, since you have already said this, I will give you a chance. I will come over at noon tomorrow. If you can't get this money, you will wait for the prosecution!"

Zhang Ze looked at Chen Mo smiled. How can he let go such a good opportunity, in fact, even if it is Chen Mo, Zhang Ze is also worried, after all, if Chen Mo has ran, Su Mu Bai can only disappoint Chen Mo. .

"Zhang Shao, then do we sign or sign this contract?"

Middle-aged people are somewhat embossed by Zhang Ze.

"Sign, why don't you sign? You must not only sign this contract, but also in the contract, if Su Mu Bai is unable to pay the dismissal fee, this money requires Chen Mail to bear, and this contract must appear Chen Mo's Signing with handprints, such words have legal benefits! "Zhang Ze came back to a sentence.

After understanding Zhang Ze's meaning, everyone wishes the contract and wrote his name in the contract.

At this time, Zhang Ze will promise this requirement, the reason is also very simple. He clearly signed the word, then, it represents the company's investment in Su Mu, who will not come to Su Mu, who will come to Su Mu, and Chen Mo. It is necessary to face a high-payment fee.

Su Mug Bai now does Zhang Ze knows that she is definitely no money.

And Chen Mo is naturally impossible to take so much money.

At that time, these people as long as they came with Chen Mo, Chen Mo was to be sentenced.

After Chen Mo went in, Su Mu Bai and Chen Mo's marriages will be removed, and Zhang Ze can take this time.

Soon, everyone wrote his name on the contract, and wrote the previous Zhang Ze wants to add.

"Chen Mo, the contract we have signed, you sign a word!"

The middle-aged people threw the contract before Chen Mo's, and said a little.

Chen Mo hesitated and reached his hand and picked up the contract.

"Chen Mo ..."

Su Mu Bai saw Chen Mo's intended to sign this contract, frown shouted.

Chen Mimo is faint to look at Su Mu Bai, pick up the pen, prepare to write down his name.

"Chen Mo, you know, I don't know what if you sign a word, what?"

Su Mu Bai is very clear that Zhang Ze wants to do what, so the expression is excited to rush through Chen Mo.

"Of course I know what it means, but I will definitely have someone to invest in your company tomorrow, if no one comes, I will cancel the marriage contract with you, and this dismissal fee will also want to pay back!"

Chen Mo said that he was very calm and then wrote his name directly to the contract.

Su Mu's white looked at Chen Mo in front of himself, and the heart was very intimate. Because Su Mu Yimei didn't understand where Chen Mo came to the end, why did he dare to write his name on the contract.

"Mo Chen is really no lie? Can he really find investors?" Su Mu-white heart suddenly flashed a very strange idea.

At this time, Chen Mo has written his name over the contract.

"I have finished the contract!"

Chen Mo threw the contract in front of the middle-aged.

The middle-aged people watched the contract, and the expression was seriously looked at both eyes, and then turned his head and said: "Zhang Shao, there is no problem with the contract!"

"Well, let's see you tomorrow!"

Zhang Zer listened to the middle-aged person and smiled very happy, and then turned and left the meeting room.

After the people saw Zhang Ze left, they also quickly got up and left Zhang Ze.

There is only three people in the conference room.

......