Chapter 2: Beauty Neighbors

When I heard the door, I quickly opened the door, and I was introduced into the eyes of a black stockings. Middle-aged women wearing a minimum of more than 200 pounds.

"The landlord, you are here?"

Chen Mo saw a middle-aged woman, and asked in a smile.

"Chen Mo, you don't talk nonsense here, just call you, you don't pick you up, you tell me that I owe me three months to rent you!" Middle-aged woman is very embarrassing.

"What is the landlord, I have sail for two days, and you will not give me two days old?" Chen Mo said.

"Give you two days?"

The landlord came, and then pulled the scorpion: "Chen Mo, I see it on your student, I have already given you how long it is, saying that it is a month, you are now dragging for three months. , I have to give you two days, do you want to look at it? "

Chen Mo looked at the landlord in front of himself, and the expression was very helpless.

"The landlord, I really don't have money in my hand. I will definitely give you two days later!" Chen Mo said very embarrassed.

"The old mother, I don't have a mood now to talk to you. You must rent a rent today. Otherwise, you will immediately give me a glow!" The woman pulled the fat on the face of the big voice.

"..."

Chen Mail is standing in the same place, and I don't know how it should be good for a moment, because he is really no money.

"!"

At this time, the door of the next room was pushed away.

A beautiful female who wore a black lace pajamas walked out from the room, and then shouted with a small mouth: "What shouting? What shouted? Also let people sleep?"

"Miss Wen, I am sorry, this kid does not pay the rent, I am looking for him to rent!" Middle-aged women saw that the face was changing in an instant, and a face of a smile.

The girl listened to this twist down and looked at Chen Mo and then asked softly: "How much is he owed?"

"In fact, there is not much money, it is three months of rent, six hundred dollars!" Middle-aged woman laughed back to a sentence.

"As soon as you call you so much?" The beauty showed a hint of disdain.

"Mainly, this kid owed too long, never gave it ..." Middle-aged woman seems to explain.

"Ok, his rent will be transferred to you, you don't shout here!" The beauty said coldly with his shoulders.

"Thank you Miss Wen, thank you Miss!"

Middle-aged woman returned to a sentence, then turned to Chen Mo: "Kid, today you have a good luck, Miss Wen gives you a rent, next time, if you have owe my rent, see how I pack you!"

"Next, I will pay in time!"

Chen Mo said.

Middle-aged woman is white, Chen Mo, then turn it directly to leave.

Chen Mer looked at the beauty of pajamas at the door. Although he stayed here for a long time, this is still his first close to observe the beauty neighbor.

A beautiful appetitious face, the five senses are exquisite, the eyebrows, the eyes are like paint, and the lips is somewhere. Maybe because the black hair is slightly messy, wearing a piece of black Black lace pajamas, revealing a large amount of delicate skin, slender legs exposed to air, sexy figure is an unusual eyeball.

"Thank you, thank you, in fact, I ..."

Chen Mo took a breath and said softly to the beauty.

"Don't thank me, I don't have to spend six hundred dollars to buy a clean ..." Beauty seems to interrupt Chen Mo as if it is a bit impatient.

"What is the money, I have sent a salary, and I will return it right away, yes, you call ..."

"!"

Chen Mo's sentence has not been finished, and the beauty directly enters the house to close the door.

Chen Mimi is a slightly embarrassing station, perhaps this six hundred dollars can't think about this girl, but for Chen Mo, it is a huge amount. Since there is no meaning with Chen Mo, Chen Mo can only gently Close the door.

"Jingle Bell……"

At this time, Chen Mo's mobile phone rang again.

Chen Mage took the phone to turn on the phone, and then said strongly: "Hello, that?"

"Chen Gongzi, I have just gave you money?" The voice of the middle-aged people rang again.

"Do you give me money?"

Chen Mer couldn't stand it, and then suddenly sounded the account text message I just saw.

"Yes, I know that Chen Gongzi will think that I am a liar, so I just gave you a money to prove myself. If you don't believe, you can now check it in the bank ... Middle-aged People laughed.

Chen Mail didn't want to hang up the phone directly, holding a bank card to ran away from his nearest bank.

When Chen Mo saw the number above the bill of money, the whole person was shocked. The person didn't really joking him, and the card is really more than 5 million!

"It turned out to be true!"

In the face of such a huge number, Chen Mo feels that he is like a dream, shaking his right hand, takes out the mobile phone to dialed the strange number.

"Chen Gongzi, should you believe me?" The middle-aged person quickly turned on the phone and said.

"You ... Who is you? Why do you want to give me so much?" Chen Mo asked.

"Chen Gongzi, if you have time now, you can come to the 27th floor of Hui Ding Building, I will tell you what is going on!" The middle-aged people said slowly.

Chen Miman hesitated for two seconds, then whispered: "I will find you now!"

"Okay, Chen Gongzi!"

The other person was very politely hanging up.

Chen Mo took out five hundred dollars in the billing machine, and then reached out to stop the position of Hunts Ding Building.

Because Chen Mo didn't know what this money didn't know, he just took five hundred, so there was any problem, he still had the opportunity to remedy.

One p.m.

Chen Mo came to the building downstairs of Hui Ding Building.

At this time, all the parking lots downstairs is a million luxury cars, and the people around them are also very stunned. Comparing Chen Mo as an , with this place.

"Sorry, we can't be begging here!"

Chen Mo just walked into the Hui Ding Building, the beautiful woman wearing a black uniform was frowning, and the expression on his face shouted.

"I am not coming!"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"We don't charge agricultural products here!"

The front desk will continue to shout.

"I am looking for someone!"

"Looking for someone, what person you are looking for? Do you think there is a person you can find here?" The front desk shouted his little mouth.

Chen Mai didn't know what the other party was called. He only wanted to figure out what this money is going. So there is no mood to take care of the front desk, and go directly to the position of the elevator.

"Hey, what is your person? I have just told you that you can't come in, you stand, let me not believe I now let the security guard you ..."

The front desk sees that Chen Mo wants to go into the elevator, and then quickly run out and want to stop Chen Mo.

"Hey!"

At this time, the elevator door suddenly opened.

After Chen Mo saw the front desk beauty, I walked directly into the elevator.

"what!"

There is a petitude in the elevator.

Because I just came in, Chen Miman did not see someone wanted to come out from the elevator, so they could have hit a person directly with the people in the elevator.

"This person is not the eyes, didn't you see someone inside?"

The person in the elevator is screaming.

Chen Mer couldn't help to looked up at the woman in front of him, and then directly in the original place.

The woman leaves a red big wavy hair, wearing a red ultra-short bag butt skirt, tall sexy, short skirt, a pair of legs wrapped in black stockings, step on a pair of high heels, chest, SF, A pretty face is with an anger, but even so is very sexy and charming.

And the woman just took a cup of coffee in his hand. At this time, Chen Mo hit, the coffee was sprinkled directly at the woman's chest.

"What is this person? Where is the security guard? Who is people come in!"

Sexy beauty is looking at Chen Mo, shouting with a disgust.

"Sorry, I just came in, I didn't see some people in it ..."

One side of Chen Mer picked up the paper towel next to the elevator, and wanted to help the beauty of the coffee.

But when Chen Mo took the hand in the beautiful chest, everyone was in the same place.

"Ah ... color wolf!"

Beautiful instinct screams.

In an instant, seven or eight security guards rushed over.

"Sorry, I ... I don't deliberate!"

Chen Mo saw that the security guards all rushed over, and he did not think about something else. Directly pushed the sexy beauty and rushed into the elevator, and then pressed the 27th floor.

When the security guards rushed to the door, I found that the elevator of Chen Mo has already went up.

"Manager Pan, what is going on?"

The security team has asked the sexy beauty.

"I didn't know where I didn't know where to come out, I hurriedly grabbed this person, I have to send that person to the police station ... What do you still do? Grab him! "Sexy beauty shouted with the big eyes of Waterwell.

"But ..." The security captain is somewhat difficult.

"But what?" Sexy beauty frowned.

"This kid ran to the twenty-seven layers of Wang Wang, Wang Gong said that there is no allowance, anyone can't go to the 27th floor ..." The security captain looked at the elevator tone.

"..."

Sexy beauty heard this later, then slamming the silver tooth: "Then it is waiting here, block all the doors of the building, I don't believe this bastard can not come today!"
