Chapter 50: Grab the money

Last time I met in the Jacques restaurant, Chen Mo exchanged the mobile phone number with Su Mu Bai, but Su Mu Bai has never take the initiative to call Chen Mo.

At this time, Chen Mo looked at the three words on the mobile phone. The expression on his face is very can't understand, because he doesn't understand why Su Mu Bai is so late, why will you call himself.

Meng Liang also noticed that Chen Mimi's mobile phone has three words, can't help but say, "Chen Mo, your fiancee called you, why don't you answer the phone?"

"Yeah, please pick it up!"

Liu Rui also said.

Chen Mo hesitated, and then pressed the touch button directly, whispered: "Hey?"

"where are you now?"

The voice of Su Mu Bai has sounded opposite the phone, and it is cold in the tone.

"I can't fall in the day, what happened?" Chen Mo smashed and loudly returned.

"You wait for me in the day, I will find you ..."

Su Mu Bai fell back, and then did not wait for Chen Mail, and then hanged the phone directly.

After Chen Mo saw the phone was hanged, the expression on his face helplessly took his mobile phone directly.

"Chen Mo, what is your fiancee just told you?"

Meng Liang was very curious about Chen Mail asked.

"Nothing, let's go!"

Chen Mo fell back, and Chen Mo did not let Liu Ruantou have now known their own identity. If he tells Meng Liang Liu Rui, Sue-Bing will come over, then they will definitely stay, etc. Look at your own unmarried wife.

If Meng Liang also has Liu Rui, two people know that Su Mu Bai's true identity, when Chen Mo may interpret it unclear.

Therefore, Chen Mo is ready to leave here, then he is sneak back.

Meng Liang Liu Rui saw that Chen Mo's face seems to be a little uncomfortable, and there is no further question. You can only leave the bar with Chen Mo.

After a few minutes, Chen Mo and Meng Liang were separated from the door of the school, and then alone returned to the day of the day, quietly waiting for Su Mu.

Chen Mo has waited almost more than ten minutes, and a taxi stopped at the door of the day.

But people who came out from the taxi were not Su Mu, but before, Chen Mo accounted for cheap Sushu Yutu. Today, Su Mu Bai is still very beautiful, wearing a pink dress, foot On a small high heel, the slender legs are exposed to the air, and the fashion is delicate.

After the next car, Su Yucu took a simple look at the door of the bar. When Su Yucai saw Chen Mo, the beautiful flicker was flashed, and immediately stepped on the high heels to go to Chen Mo's.

"Isn't your sister to see me? What are you doing?"

Chen Mo asked Soviet Yucheng.

"Do you think I want to see you this rubbish?"

Su Yun Yu returned to a sentence, then continue: "My sister can't come over, let me come to you to send a living fee!"

"living expenses?"

Chen Mo heard this later.

"At the beginning, my sister didn't promise to give you 10,000 yuan every month? This is 100,000! You ten months of living!"

Southern Screen Yutong took out the thick paper bag from his bag and handed over the front of Chen Mo.

Chen Mo saw that after the envelope reacted, what was going on, and when he was talked to Su Chongren, it was really looking for a million living expenses for a month.

Chen Miman wants to pick up the envelope, but Su Mu Bai is like deliberately, the small hand is loose.

"Snapped!"

The envelope in the hand of Soviet Yucheng fell directly on the ground.

Chen Mo saw that the letter was blocked, but I couldn't help but stunned, but there was not much to say anything, but slowly bent over and wanted to pick up the envelope on the ground.

Siupu saw Chen Mo's appearance, the expression on the face seems to be more disdainful, can't help but spoke: "Chen Mo, is you a man? You a man actually needs to take money from my sister. I really look too much about you, you really have seen the most embard of men ... "

"Your sister is my unmarried wife, I will become my wife. I spend her money is the meaning of the sky. Is there anything to do with you?" Chen Mo said very calmly back, and then actually be used as Su Yuci The envelope opened the envelope and very seriously.

"you……"

Su Yucheng heard the expression on this sentence of Chen Mo even more speechless.

"Noise, you will be laughed by all your schools, no wonder your former girlfriend will break up with you, you are really quicker, eat soft rice, I can still eat it, I really have to take you, How can I have a man like you in this world! "

Su Tuyu is not polite, and a small mouth is a one, and it is released in his heart to dissatisfaction with Chen Mo.

"Men, what is this?"

Chen Mo listened to this sentence of Su Yucu flash a different look.

"Yes, you are a man like you, it is really disgusting!" Su Yun Yu said quickly.

"Ha ha……"

Chen Mo looked at the Soviet Yuli smiled, and then I didn't want to directly reach out of the 100,000 yuan in the envelope. The momentum threw to the sky.

"!"

In a moment, a thousand red cash moved directly to the wind and dance, and the scene was very spectacular.

"Chen Mo, what are you doing? Are you crazy?"

Sihu Yuxi saw that Chen Mo flew the money, and his expression was very excited to rush through Chen Mo.

"You now give me this money from the ground, then give it to me!" Chen Mo's facelessly said.

"You throw money, why should I pick you up, do you love it!"

Soviet Yulin naturally won't listen to Chen Mo, really put these money.

"Isn't it?"

Chen Mo smiled and then continued: "Then you go back to tell Su Mu Bai, I have not received this month's life expense. If I can't see these 100,000 yuan in three days, I can't take effect with her. She must be my legal wife in Chen Mo! "

"Chen Mo, you ..."

Su Yucheng said that Chen Mo turned directly to walk away.

After Su Yuci hesitated, she knew that she had to send money to Chen Mo today, but if Chen Mo did not receive this money, then he had to make this 100,000 yuan.

Although Su Tu Yu's family conditions are good, it is a white rich, but she is now only a student, 100,000 is also a small number for her.

"Chen Mo, you have a bastard!"

Su Tuyu is screaming, and then quickly bending the waist to get ready to pick up the cash on the ground.

However, those people in the bar seem to have found these money, and they have rushed out from the bar and began to grab money.

"Don't grab, it is my money! Don't grab it!"

After Siupu Yu saw these people, they quickly shouted.

However, everyone will seem to have heard the sentence of Su Tu Yu, continue to grab the money before he is afraid, even Gaffefi Liu Luo Xu Jiao and others have also added to the lineup of rushing money.

It was also arrogant, and it was only like a madman, and the wolf was like a madman.

Not far from Chen Mo saw this scene couldn't help but smile, reached out and stopped a taxi ready to go home.

Ten o'clock in the evening.

Chen Mo said that one person returned home, perhaps because of the Mingmei things, maybe because Su Tuyu said with Chen Mo today, Chen Mo's mood is not very good.

The heart is not ready to enter the house, and suddenly I found that Wen Ruo's room door is open, and Wen Ruo is sitting on the sofa, talking with a long-term handsome handsome youth, and there is very happy smile on his face.

When Chen Mo saw this youth's appearance, he stopped.