Chapter 22: Do you want to remove me?

At 10:30 in the morning.

Chen Mo took a taxi to the Jacquet restaurant, although it was not a meal, but there were many luxury cars in front of the Jacques restaurant, and there were some young people who were dressed in fashionable.

Although Chen Mo's clothes wearing clothes were his best clothes, but compared to those who were in the Jacques restaurant.

After paying the fare, Chen Mo took the steps to the Jacques restaurant.

The security guards in the door saw that Chen Mo didn't help but stunned. I quickly reached out to stop Chen Mo, and then wrinkled with brows: "Hiros, are you going to apply for it? If you come over, you will take the back door!"

"I am coming to eat!"

Chen Mo looked up at the security and glance, and there was no expression.

"Are you coming over?"

The security guard has been flashing in the eyes, but there is no more to say anything, or let Chen Mo will go in.

Although people who have entered the Jacques restaurant are rich people, but in fact, there are some ordinary people. These people are often coming over, so security don't think much.

After Chen Mo entered the Jacques restaurant, Chen Mai was shocked directly from the scene inside.

Although the area of ​​the restaurant is not very big, the decoration is very elegant. After Chen Mo enters the restaurant, it seems that he has passed the European general, and the murals that can be seen everywhere and the ancient decorations are all in the case. Special place in the restaurant.

The crystal chandelier above the head exudes the yellow light, so that the whole restaurant looks very warm, white wool rugs are very comfortable under the foot.

If not because Li Juncheng gives Chen Mai, Chen Mo may not come to this place in this life.

This may be the gap between the rich people with ordinary people.

In the eyes of ordinary people, the place of Ming Sheng Hotel is very great, but in fact, Ming Grand Hotel is compared with the Jacques restaurant or the Jacques restaurant.

Chen Mai took his mobile phone to call Li Jincheng, ask where he is scheduled to have.

But just took out mobile phone Chen Mo, I feel that I have some stomachache, so I turned into the bathroom of Jacques.

Have to say, the bathroom of Jacques is also very beautiful and clean, giving people feel unlike a bathroom.

......

the other side.

In the room.

Xiaomei took out his own mobile phone to sweep away, and found that it was already eleven. I couldn't help but frown. "Cameard, what is your unmarried wife? Let's not already have been about 10:30 See you? It's already 11 o'clock, it didn't come over! "

Elegant women can't help but frown, but there is not much to say this.

In fact, the first meeting will be late, such behavior is really a bit of disgusting.

"I think you dare to be late today. If you can't marry him, what do you mean? The whole Nanyang City does not know how many outstanding English talents want to ask you to eat, this person is still dare Late! "Xiao Beauty shouted angry.

"Maybe there is something urgent!"

Elegant beauty low returned.

"If you have any urgents, you can't be late!"

The little beauty shouted with the waters of Water, and then stood up and said: "The cousin, I went to the toilet, waiting for the bastard, seeing that I don't teach him!"

"Go!"

Elegant woman said faint.

The little beauty directly stepped on the high-heeled shoes.

After a few minutes, the little girl found the toilet, just prepared, suddenly found a very familiar figure in front of the bathroom.

The little girl couldn't help but stopped, then stopped his footsteps, showing Chen Mo who was washing hands in front of the washing pool.

"How is it so familiar?"

The little girl whispered.

In the next second, Chen Mo turned directly, then instinctively smashed the water in his hand.

However, Chen Mo did not see himself and still standing a person, and the water in his hand directly smashed a small beauty.

"what!"

The little girl's ability exclaimed, and then quickly retreated two steps, stared at the big eyes: "Is this people not bother? Didn't see ..."

The phrase of the little beauty has not been finished. She is almost at the same place with Chen Mo.

"So clever!"

Chen Mo looked at the little girl in front of him smile.

At this time, the girl who stood in Chen Mo's face was not someone else, it was the girl who was thrown by Chen Mima in Nanyang University yesterday.

"Is it a big wolf?"

The little girl is very incredible.

"I am not a wolf!"

Chen Mo listened to this sentence of the little girl and said slightly helplessly.

"You are not a color, what are you?"

The little girl is smirking with his shoulders.

When I went home last night, I have been thinking about how I have to retaliate Chen Mo. After all, Chen Mo can be the first man infringed her chest, and add the words of Zhang Li, let the little beautiful heart It is more disgusted.

However, at the time in Nanyang University, there were so many people around the small beauty dared to say that Chen Mo was invaded.

But now it is different, and there is no one who knows the little girl at all around.

Little beauty naturally began to work more in the heart, how to revenge now.

"I don't have anything to discuss these things now. I just didn't deliberately, I am sorry!"

Chen Mo sprinkled the water on the face of the little beautiful woman, and then prepared to leave the steps, now I have already went to be eleven, Chen Mo is anxious to see his unmarried wife.

Although Chen Mo's heart is not very like to be very familiar with the unmarried wife, it is the first time, it is not good for the first time.

"You stand!"

The little beauty saw Chen Mo to take a long time.

"Do you have anything?"

Chen Mai helplessly watched the little beauty.

"You just put the water on my face, saying that I can't afford to leave, is it?" Xiaomei's beautiful glance flashed, and whispered to Chen Mo.

"Otherwise, what do you want?"

Chen Miman asked with a brow.

"What do I think?"

The little beauty heard Chen Mo's sentence, I couldn't help but a smile, then I gave Chen Mo at a glance, whispered: "You now apologize, I can forgive you today, otherwise I will go to the restaurant manager. There, I have complained you, saying that you just haven't given me, let the manager will be removed! "

"Do you want the restaurant's manager to remove me?"

Chen Mo looked at the little girl in front of himself, I don't know what to say.

......