Chapter 32: He is coming to mess!

After the sexy female manager in the sales office, I couldn't help but kneel it, then I got up and down, and I immediately smiled.

Other employees in the sales office naturally have laughed, see Chen Mo's eyes very disdain.

"Kid, you know, don't know how much is the house here? You know you don't know how you don't know the main houses of our sales, all the villas above three hundred square meters?"

Sexy female manager stepped on the high-heeled shoes, Ting Ting came to Chen Mo, and asked in the tone.

"do not know……"

Chen Mo looked at the female manager and shook his head.

"You just ask me, how do I know that you can't afford this house? I tell you that the cheapest villa we here is more than 5 million, you think you can take this money. Is this place where should you come over? "Sexy female manager looked at Chen Mai continued.

"Five million?"

Chen Mile holiday is equipped with a surprised expression and shouts loudly.

"Is it a big jump?" Sexy female manager couldn't help but smile, then continue: "If you are such a silk, even if you work hard, you will not have money to have money here. So you still have to waste time here, hurry up, what do you do, the province's other guests see other guests to see why, what people are going in! "

"..."

Chen Mo looked at the sexy woman in front of him to laugh, maybe the woman didn't know how to stand in front of her, don't say it is a villa, even the entire real estate, Chen Mo can be Buy.

"Mr. Chen, today's things are really sorry, or let's go out!"

Lin Xi station in Chen Mo's side, the expression is very embarrassed to rushing to Chen Mo.

In fact, Lin Xi also felt that the house here is definitely not that Chen Mo can be able to afford, and she can't bear to look at her manager such as such a humiliation, so she wants to take Chen Mo as soon as possible. .

Chen Mo listened to Lin Xi, turned his eyes and looked at Lin Xi, and then whispered: "Walk? Why do you want to go? I just have the idea of ​​buying a house, it is better to see it ..."

"Is your kid not heard? Is it not enough to say it? The house in our sales office is not worth affordable, you still leave here?"

At this time, a male employee inside the sales office pulled his voice.

And the expression on Lin Xue face is very helpless. She wants Chen Mingming can't afford the house here. Why still stay, at this time, I regret it in Lin Xi, I should not take Chen Mo.

"You are the manager of this sale, right?"

Chen Miman did not take care of others, directly to the sexy and beautiful king manager, and asked calmly.

"Yes, I am the sales office manager!"

Sexy beautiful girl nodded.

"Then give me a brief introduction to your property!"

Chen Mo slowed down.

"..."

After hearing Chen Mo's sentence, Wang Manager couldn't help but frown, perhaps because her long is very good, so even a disgusting expression, it is still very charming.

"I just said with you, are you not understanding? The house here is not your poorer can afford, you are best to leave, or now I will let the security will drive you out! "Wang Manager reached out his own fibril, referring to the position of the door of the sales office shouted.

"Mr. Chen, let's go!"

Lin Xi also couldn't help but reach out, Chen Mo.

Chen Mo looked at the position of Wang Manager, couldn't help but shook his head, and he was very helpless in his heart.

In fact, Chen Mo did have always had to buy a house idea, and today I just came in, he really wants to understand the house here, but this sales office is really no way to accept, so Chen Mo hesitate. After it turned and ready to leave.

"Manager Wang, what is going on?"

At this time, a middle-aged man's voice came from in the sales office.

When everyone heard the voice, he turned his head to look at the second floor, and saw a middle-aged man wearing a black suit.

"Grand Sun, come over?"

After seeing the middle-aged, Wang Manager has changed in an instant, and a smile shouted.

"Just now I heard you calling downstairs to rush out? What is going on?" The middle-aged wrinkled.

"Sun, is this, this kid came to our sales office, so I will let him go out!" Wang Manager explained a sentence.

"Come to the sales office to mess?"

Sun always heard this, I couldn't help but frown, and then walked into Chen Mo, I asked softly: "Sir, what is it just now?"

"I am coming to see the house, but the staff of your sales office does not receive me, but also let me go out."

Chen Mo fell back.

Lin Xi listened to Chen Mo, after the pretty face, I couldn't help but nervous. After all, Lin Xi knew that this middle-aged man is the head of Wang Manager. Chen Mo said that it is undoubtedly giving a small report to Wang Manager.

Once Wang Manager said to make the middle-aged person, then he must have no good fruit!

The middle-aged person slammed the Wang Manager, and then laughed, said: "Sir, I am deeply sorry for your dereliction of employees in our sales office, I am this sales The person in charge of the office Sun Fu, I will arrange people now, I hope you can wait a moment! "

Chen Mo saw that the middle-aged man talking to him is still good, there is no left idea, but whispered: "Well ..."

"Wang Yao Yao, where are you doing? What do you do? Go to the customer to introduce our real estate house!" Sun Fu called the king manager shouted.

"Sun, do you think this kid can afford a house? Do you introduce this kind of person? Isn't it a waste of time? He must come over to mess!" Sexy chain Wang Yao is very uncomfortable.

"Wang Yaoyao, I have said to you, since I entered our sales office, it is the guest of our sales office. Whether the customer has the condition of buying a house, you should receive it, this is you as a one. The most basic professional ethics of salesperson! "Sun Fuyi was shouting.

In fact, from the middle of the contact, Sun Fu clearly felt that Chen Mo failed to buy their villas, but Sun Fu felt that if Chen Mo left, there was a very big impact on the sales office of his home, so I will delimate Wang Yaoyao to accept Chen Mo.

After Wang Yaoyao hesitated, stepped on the high-heeled shoes, Tingting, and said that he said proudly: "Then I will introduce you!"