Chapter 25: You will wait!

In fact, Li Kai, who is not qualified to eat in the place where Jacques is like a place in Jacques, but it is just a birthday here, so the two will appear here.

Just now Li Kai is coming to see the lively mentality, but he did not expect people to do something Chen Mo.

Last time in the Minsheng Hotel, Chen Mo let Li Kai will lose people, Li Kai has always wanted to find a chance to retaliate, and it is the best opportunity.

Li Kai felt that it was said that Chen Mo, even if you can't afford the high cost of the Jacques restaurant, Chen Mo has spent a lot of money in the Mussen hotel. How can he still have money here!

"Manager Zhang, if you don't believe what I said, my current girlfriend is Chen Mo's ex-girlfriend, I think she should still stand out to testify!"

Li Kai saw the manager of the Jacques restaurant and continued to say.

"Yes, I am the foreigner of this person!"

Gao Feifei heard Li Kai's words, and stood up very well.

Everyone looked at Gao Feifei's position, the expression on his face was very incredible. Who would think that when Chen Mo's ex-girlfriend stood up?

After the little beauty saw Gaffield, he was more proud of his heart.

"At the beginning, I chose to be separated from him, because he is poor, but also very very poor, you saw this dress on him? This is what I spent seventy dollars in the same year. He wore a whole three years, never bought new clothes, and he had been able to eat in the school, and it was able to eat for someone else, you can't afford it. How can people have money to consume in such a high-end restaurant? "

Gao Feifei did not give Chen Mo's face, and the tone shouted.

If Li Kai has no credibility, then Chen Mo's ex-girlfriend should be credible?

Everyone watched Chen Mo's eyes unexpectedly.

And Chen Mo's eyes looked at Gao Feifei, Chen Sail didn't understand why he was so poor when he was with G G Gifei. Is Gao Feifei ourselves not clear?

All the money earned by Chen Mo has given Gaffeffef, satisfying Gaffefei's vanity, even if Chen Mo can not eat food, but also buy G G Gifei's clothing!

If it is not because Gao Feifei, how can Chen Mo fall to such a place?

Gao Feifei chooses to leave himself because you have no money, in fact, Chen Siles are still acceptable, after all, everyone has their own rights.

But Chen Mo does not understand why G G Gifei is going to himself after breaking up with himself?

"Manager Zhang, do you not always be a member system? Do you have any membership cards now?" Li Kai continued.

"correct!"

Zhang Yi listened to Li Kai's sentence to realize, and quickly said that Chen Mo said in front of him: "This gentleman, please show the membership card of our restaurant!"

Chen Mo looked at the manager shook his head and said: "I don't have a member card here!"

Everyone was awkward. At this time, Chen Mo's sentence is equivalent to acknowledging that he is really not coming to eat. If you don't come over, then Chen Mo is doing something, you can think about it!

Gao Feifei looked at Chen Mo's position, the expression on his face was very proud.

"Chen Mo, Chen Mo, you think you can change yourself to the fate of you is a poor silk. Is the place where you can come?"

Gaffield couldn't help it in your heart.

When Li Kai was more happy at this time, he looked at Chen Mo. He wanted to be this effect, and he could step on his own feet.

Silk is always a silk, and there will be only in the TV series.

Of course, the happiest person at this time may still be a little girl. After all, she has already wanted to give up when she wants to evidence, but I don't know where to come out, helped her. .

She finally had the opportunity to take the previous Chen Mo's incident.

The elegant beauty looked at Chen Mo in the crowd, and the beauty flashed a mercy. She felt that her cousin and Gao Feifei Li Kai and others did something too much. Even if Chen Mozhen did not have money such a place to consume They should not be so humiliated Chen Mo.

This kind of thing is a man who is dignified for a man.

"Kid, since you are not coming to our restaurant to eat, what are you doing?"

Zhang Yi's expression is an angry rushing to Chen Mo.

"Do you have any membership cards that you can't come to your restaurant?" Chen Sile did not express his expression.

"A nonsense, the whole Nanyang City who doesn't know that our Jacques restaurant has always been a member system, no membership card just can't come here to eat!" Yi scored a voice.

"I am from others to invite me to eat!"

Chen Mo said faint.

"Others invite you?" Zhang Yi did not help but stunned later.

"Yep!"

Chen Mo is head.

"Who will invite this kind of person to eat here? Chen Mo, you are still lying at this time, it is really ridiculous, do you take the people of the Jacques restaurant?" Gao Feifei shouted Tao.

"What do you still do? I doubt that this child is coming to our Jacques restaurant to steal the way. You gave me this person!" Yi said that he wanted to say it, and twisted his head after his security guard.

"Wait!"

After the little beauty saw these security guards, they quickly shouted.

Yi Yi couldn't help but see the little beauty, and the eyes flashed.

And the little beauty directly stepped on the high-heeled shoes, Ting Ting came to Chen Mo, and said softly, said: "Chen Mo, don't you remember what I said with you? As long as you can kneel down, I apologize, I will give you Let the manager let you go! "

"What do I apologize?"

Chen Mo looked at the little girl and asked softly.

"Dead duck mouth is hard, then you will wait!"

The little girl flashed in the eyes of a little, shouted with a small mouth.

"!"

After the seven or eight security guards saw the little beauty left, they rushed directly to Chen Mo's position.

"Jingle Bell!"

At this time, Chen Mo's ringtone suddenly rang.

......