Chapter 100: I want to expose him!

Nanyang University entrance.

After heard that the words of Mingmei, everyone was all in the same place.

Of course, the most shocking person is also Wei Jiaqi itself.

She was originally intended to threaten Chen Mo, let Chen Mo apologize, but she didn't think that Chen Mo would actually not apologize, and more let Wei Jiaqi didn't think of it, Mingmei actually didn't leave.

At this time, Wei Jiaqi has been completely forced, and I don't understand how this is something.

"Second beauty, this person does not apologize, what do you still stand here?"

Wei Jiaqi asked very much in the expression.

After listening to Wei Jiaqi's sentence, I directly called Wei Jiaqi asked: "When will I say let Chen Mo apologize?"

"You ... two beautiful, you ..."

Wei Jiaqi looked at the collapse of Mingmei.

"Last Chen Mo did not say that he was a rich second generation, but it was just that we misunderstood, I came to find Chen Mo, I want to apologize to Chen Mo!"

After the Mingmei said, I went directly to Chen Mo, and then said: "Chen Mo, the last thing is that we misunderstood you, sorry ..."

Meng Liang Wei Jiaqi Liu Rui and those students around me later, and the expression on the face was shocked.

It should be that Chen Mo will apologize to Mingmei, but now Mingmei actually took the initiative to apologize to Chen Mo, what is going on?

It was so beautiful that everyone was stupid.

"It's ok!"

Chen Mo looked at Mingmei and faint.

"Jiaqi, where are you doing? What do you do? You hurry to greeted Chen Mo!" Mingmei turned his head and shouted Wei Jiaqi.

"Two beautiful, why? Why do you have to apologize to this poor silk?"

Wei Jiaqi shouted very excited.

"This matter itself is not right, I should not leave directly. Is there any problem with Chen Mo Dao?" Mingmei cold voice returned.

"Even if you are not right, then I will apologize, what do he count?"

Wei Jiaqi shouted with his mouth.

"Wei Jiaqi, if you don't give Chen Mo, I will not forgive you in this life!" Mingmei said directly.

"Two beautiful, what is your life today? You actually blew me with me?"

Wei Jiaqi suddenly felt that his own brain was somewhat not enough, this only a few days, how did Mingmei treat Chen Mo's attitude happened so much change?

And Meng Liang Liu Rui and others are equally very puzzled.

"Do you apologize or not?"

Mingmei shouted at Wei Jiaqi.

"..."

Wei Jiaqi hesitated for two seconds in place, and then walked very reluctant to Chen Mo's face, whispered Chen Mo: "Chen Mo, sorry, I shouldn't be so much for you before ..."

Chen Mo heard that Wei Jiaqi glanced at this, did not reply.

He can make friends with Mingmei, but it will never be friends with Wei Jiaqi, because Wei Jiaqi's woman is a typical worship, plus Wei Jiaqi has always used Meng Liang as a spare tire, this also makes Chen Mo very disgusted Wei Jiaqi this girl.

"Okay, ok, since I am misunderstood now, then it is fine!"

Meng Liang saw that Chen Mo did not speak, and then quickly stood up and smiled, and then turned to Wei Jiaqi said: "Do you have two food? Otherwise, let's go to our school's cafeteria! Chen Mail, please! "

Nanyang University's cafeteria is not expensive, and it is more than two people, but Meng Liang will deliberately say that Chen Mai is pleased, and it is also a helper knot.

"..."

Although Wei Jiaqi gave Chen Mo apologized, he was still very uncomfortable. After hearing Chen Mo, he said, "I came with Mingmei and Yuanyuan, you have a few boys. Will you want to ask us to eat? "

"Do you want to go to the cafeteria? Take you to the White House?"

Liu Rui also hate Wei Jiaqi's girl, couldn't help but smash the bead shout.

"What White House, I heard that there is a good garden restaurant in your school, or if you go to eat!" Wei Jiaqi said slowly.

"Yi Shengyuan?"

Meng Liang and Liu Rui were directly stunned after hearing this, and the heart was secretly sighed. Wei Jiaqi's girl was really dared to say!

Yicheng Garden Restaurant is a school special for those who are prepared for those students. It may be enough to eat something. It may be enough to eat a month. Don't say that Chen Mo is, even Meng Liang and Liu Rui them. Both have no money to go to the restaurant to eat.

"How? You will not even have this money?"

Wei Jiaqi saw Chen Moung Liang and others did not speak, asked softly.

"Jiaqi, the things in the place of Yicheng Garden are quite expensive ..."

Meng Liang Zhang Wang want to persuade Wei Jiaqi, but but Chen Mo said directly: "Well, since she wants to go to Yishengyuan, let's go!"

Liu Ruomang looked at Chen Mo's sentence, directly twisted to Chen Mo, the expression on his face was very surprised.

Because they did not think that Chen Mo didn't expect Chen Mo.

When Chen Mo, I promised Wei Jiaqi's request, not because Wei Jiaqi, but because Meng Liang Liu Rui them.

Anyway, Chen Mo is now very rich, it will not take this money at all. Meng Liang Liu Rui has been helping Chen Mo, so Chen Mo is just like this opportunity to ask them. of.

"Chen Mo, where are you going to go?"

Meng Liang looked at Chen Mail.

"Yep!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, and then turned directly to the school.

Mingmei quickly walked to Chen Mo and started to take the initiative to chat with Chen.

In the face of the enthusiasm of the Mingmei, Wei Jiaqi Meng Liang Liu Rui three people are an intake, they don't understand what is going on so much.

......

Although Nanyang University has a lot of beauty, but the grace of this level is still very rare.

In Chen Mo's impression, Mingmei can count the number of girls in the girl who knows, is slightly informed in Su Mu, and the Wen Ruo is not divided into it. As for the Gaffeffeyli Lui, the girl is nothing more than Mingmei. Sex.

So when the Mingmei appears inside the school, it has attracted the attention of countless people.

But when those students see that Mingmei seems to be actively talking to Chen Mo, they also reveal the expression.

Because they don't understand such a beautiful girl, how can I follow the poor silk of garbage, and I seem to have a very enthusiasm for Chen Mo.

After a few minutes, Chen Mo and others walked into the restaurant restaurant in Yushengyuan.

After entering Yishengyuan Restaurant, everyone can obviously feel that this place is really very beautiful. If it is not a true rich second generation, it is impossible to find this place to eat.

Most of the students in the restaurant are very fashionable, and the clothes on the body are also big names. Chen Mo is very ordinary, and some of the places will not be in this place.

At the time of Chen Mo and others just entered the restaurant, people who were eating in the corner were placed on Chen Mo's body.

"Is this a girl at the bar that day? How do she eat with Chen Mo?"

Liu Di looked at Chen Mo's Mingmei couldn't help but rude.

"Chen Mo actually has money to eat this place to eat? And what is the girl? How did she ran to Chen Mo's side?"

Gao Feifei saw Mingmei took the initiative to talk to Chen Mo, and the eyes flashed in the eyes.

She now has no way to accept Chen Mo so quickly find a new girlfriend, and there is no way to accept Chen Mo's new girlfriend than it is beautiful than himself.

She is not allowed to leave after he left, so that he can prove that he left Chen Mo!

But let Gigafi haven't thought of that Chen Mo is not only getting worse, the opposite is getting better and better!

"Chen Mo has money to eat here, then the thief, the thief, is definitely Chen Mo, and the girl should be Chen Mo's money!" Li Kai asked softly.

"This bastard, I have to reveal him!"

When I heard this, Gao Feifei stood up and rushed to Chen Mo's position.

......