Chapter 30: You are canceled with membership!

Su Mu Bai and the two people who saw Chen Mo-cherished jade have promised these requirements, and the heart is more concentrated against Chen Mohao as imitation.

In the eyes of their two people, Chen Mo is a man who has no dignity and no interest. Otherwise, Chen Mo will agree to this request.

"This is my name, there is my contact information above, you will send you your account for a while, I will give you a living expense on the month!"

After Su Mu Bai hesitated, he took out a business card directly from his bag to Chen Mo's.

"Okay, thank you!"

Chen Miman took a business card and laughed back to a sentence.

"How can you be so shameless? You a big man spend a woman's money, do you think it is suitable?" Su Tuyu seems to be a little bit can't see, watching the waters' big eyes Looking at Chen Mo.

"It is my own thing that can be supported by Fu Po, you also want to be bothered, is there any people to support you?"

Chen Mimo went to see Su Muyu, faintly.

"You ... you really have I have seen the most wonderful man!"

Southern Jade looked at Chen Mo has already somewhat unknown to say something.

"Okay, Xiao Yu should not make trouble!"

Su Chi-white frowned and walked, then looked at Chen Mail asked: "What else do you want to tell me now?"

"I want to ask you a question!"

Chen Mo hesitated and said faintly.

"what is the problem?"

"You don't want to marry me, because I don't have money, or because you don't like me?" Chen Mo asked.

"..."

Su Mu Bai heard that Chen Mo was flashing, and whispered: "Is this not a matter?"

"No ..."

Chen Mer shook his head.

"I do not like you!"

Su Mu's voice returned to a sentence, then he stood up and said: "As for when to get the certificate with you, I will notify you when I arrive!"

"Yep!"

Chen Mo's head promised.

Su Mu Bai took the bag directly to the outside of the private room, and Su Tuyu took the package after

After leaving the private room, Su Mu Yuxi rushed to Su Mu Bai: "The cousin is really intended to marry Chen Mo's bail? You want to marry this kind of person, you have destroyed you in this life. do not know?"

"My father's company has a problem, I only marry Chen Mo's ability to solve the problem!" Su Mu Bai returned to a sentence.

"But you are so good, so you are married to Chen Mo, I am really not willing!" Su Tuyu said very excited.

"As long as he can agree with me, even how can you marry him?"

"That is also, I didn't expect this Chen Mo. I didn't have this, and the cousin, you raised that too much demand, Chen Mo finally only felt that you gave him less money, I have never seen such a person!" Su Tuyu I don't have any tone.

"We are now all needed, and after my father's company is getting better, I can divorce Chen Mo, Chen Mo did not touch me, I think I should not have any effect on my life! "Su Mu Bai said softly.

"Yes, or you are more smart, so we can not only solve the things of the cow, but not let Chen Mo account for cheap, nothing is to give this bauble 10,000 yuan every month. In fact, it is nothing bad. result!"

Su Yuci suddenly realized that when it was very happy.

......

On the other hand, Zhang He, who was waiting in the door of the private room, and the two of Su Mu Bai left the two people who left Chen Mo's private room.

"Chen Chairman, just now I have a heart, you ... don't expect me! I really don't deliberately ..."

After entering the private room, Zhang He said is very nervous, and Chen Mo shouted.

Chen Mo listened to Zhang He, slowly looked at Zhang He, then said that there was no expression: "Today, this thing is not too big to do with you, you can rest assured, I will not blame you!"

"Thank you, Chairman, thank you, Chen Gongzi!"

Zhang He is very excited and excited.

"Do you have anyone else?"

Chen Miman asked.

"No, I just gave a special manner, the whole restaurant only knows your identity, others don't know all!" Zhang He Li said.

"Yep!"

Chen Mer is lightly nod, then continue to say: "Right, the two people who have dropped the stone in the same day is also a member of your restaurant?"

"The two people are not, it should be coming with friends!"

Zhang He wants to answer after it.

"Put the two people go out, and will cancel the membership of their friends, but don't expose my identity, understand what I mean?"

Chen Mo said faint.

"Chen Gongzi, you can rest assured, I will definitely do this!" Zhang He said.

Chen Mo looked at Zhang He, did not say more, directly turned to go outside the private room.

......

Zhang He saw that Chen Mo left later such as the release of heavy, long out of breath, then took out the intercom: "Security Security, now go to the sixteen bag, put all the guests all give me out!"

"received!"

When he heard Zhang He, he quickly returned to a sentence.

When Zhang He, he had a resentment for Li Kai Gao Feifei, and before the two people stood up and testified. How could Zhang He may have crimes?

At this time, Chen Mo has been issued by person, and Zhang He is naturally willing to be polite.

After a few minutes, Li Kai Gao Feifei, who was eating, was all rumored from the box from the box.

"You know who I don't know if I am? I am a gold member of your restaurant. Do you dare to take me out? Do you manage your manager?" Li Kai's friend was caught out in the box. I feel very unfangled, and I am excited.

"I am the manager of this restaurant, if you have any questions, you can tell me directly!"

Zhang He slowly came out from the crowd.

"Manager Zhang, what is your way? How is your security guards? I have a good time with my friend in the box, why suddenly drive us out? Is it worried that I don't give you money?" The bead shouts.

"Zhang Gongzi, why do our restaurants drive you out, you should ask you two friends!"

Zhang He looked up and looked up the position of Li Kai Gao Philippine.

"Ask us two?"

Li Kai frowned.

"What do you do?"

Zhang He heard that after this, I couldn't help but scream, then I said: "Before you have two previously in the restaurant, there is an impact on the reputation of other guests, so the security will be You two from! "

Li Kai didn't help but heard this, and the reaction was originally because of Chen Mo's things.

"Yes, there is also Zhang Gongzi, is also implicated, his gold membership card is also canceled by our restaurant, so he is now not qualified here!" Zhang He continued.

......