Chapter 20: Does the same?

After returning home from the school, Simple washed it, then lie in bed and looked at Wen Rui's live broadcast.

When the past, the four words appeared in the live broadcast, the watermares were boiled, and they have begun to make the launch of Chen Mo.

And Chen Mo did not take care of these water friends, and quietly looked at Wen Ruo's live broadcast.

Have to say, Wen Ruo is still very beautiful singing and very beautiful singing.

Wen Ruo, the Wen Ruo, a black hair, and the exquisite water rumor is like a star, the sexy lips crystal crystal crystals, the body is wearing a white shirt, the sophisticated skin, the skin is delicate, and the uniform is below It is a short skirt, which has a black stockings on the long legs, so that she is proud of the body seems to be more preferred.

But Chen Mo felt that Wen Ruo is still more pure and beautiful in reality, and she doesn't look good at the video.

", you give me Laozi, I am waiting, don't let me know where you live, otherwise you have a good look!"

At this time, the latitude of Nanyang Wei Mi was once again flying from Wen Ruo's live broadcast.

And Wen Ruo is seeing the slight frowning of Wei Gongzi in Nanyang, but there is not much to say anything to continue singing.

The walkings inside the live broadcast are all stood up and smash the Nanyang Wei Gongzi.

Nanyang Wei Gongzi has been evaporated directly after sending this bar, and there is no longer appearing in Wen Rui's live broadcast.

Chen Mo saw a live broadcast after reading, and then sent a gift, and then shut down the phone is ready to sleep!

But I still can't fall asleep here, and I rang in the door.

Chen Mo heard that I couldn't help it after knocking on the door, and then frowned: "Who?"

"Chen Mo, is me, have you slept?"

Wen Ruo's voice sounded.

"No……"

Chen Mer is busy back, then put on the clothes and out of bed. Open the door.

"Are you eating at night? I just got two night barents? Otherwise I have to eat?"

Wen Ruo smiled and asked Chen Mail.

At this time, Wen Rui has been put on normal clothes, wearing a black nightdress, and the whole person looks like a more temptation.

"..."

Chen Mo heard this later, I couldn't help it, then said softly: "Okay, my family is a little small, or do you want to eat it!"

Wen Rui heard Chen Mo's sentence couldn't help but show the room of Chen Mo, and then frowned: "I still come to your home for the first time. Or I have been living in such a place?"

"I don't have any money, this house is very cheap, so I will live here!"

Chen Mo's form seems to have a bit awkward.

"Oh!"

Wen Ruo nodded and nodded, and then didn't say something turned to go to your room.

Chen Mo walked into her room with Wen Ruo, and then two people sat on the table and chatted while eating.

"Do you see my live broadcast today?"

Wen Ruo is reluctant to ask Chen Mail.

"Look!"

Chen Mo nodded and then continued: "But I saw the Nanyang Wei Gongzi as if you came, why do you want you?"

"..."

Wen Rui heard Chen Mo's sentence couldn't help but stunned, and then frowned: "That person is a bastard!"

"How to make a bastard?"

Chen Mo asked.

"Isn't there a gift in my live broadcast? My popular moment is high, then he found my contact information through the platform, saying that I want to invite me, I invite me. Join his recreation ... "Wen Rui made Chen Mo as the object of his own, so there is no concealing when talking.

"His Entertainment?"

Chen Mo didn't help but heard this, and the eyes flashed in the eyes.

"Yes, it is his entertainment company, and our platform is in his recreational company. He will help these female anchors to improve the popularity, or what is the gift!" Wen Ruo is slowly said.

"That should be a good thing?"

Chen Mo said.

"Good thing?"

Wen Ruo couldn't help the mouth, and then frowned: "This is not a good thing. You don't know what we live broadcast. If I joined his live company, I received the gifts 5% Ten Map is given to him, and I have to have him ... with him ... "

Wen Ruo said that he paused here, and the pretty face flashed a shame.

"What is he doing with him?"

Chen Mo said and asked.

"Oh, is that hidden rule, do you know?" Wen Ruo frowned and shouted.

"Oh, there is still such a thing, the money is half-half, then you have to sleep with him, how do he think so beautiful?"

Chen Mo said with his mouth.

"Yes, I don't want to reject him directly, then he will find my threat to me, so you will see him to send me ..." Wen Ruo Yan said.

"It turned out to be this!"

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo gently nodded, then smiled and said: "If he really came over to find you later, you call me directly, I will help you solve it!"

"Do you help me solve it?"

Wen Rui heard Chen Mo's sentence couldn't help but stopped helplessness.

In Wen Ruo's eyes, Chen Mo is now there is no way to solve it even if he is a problem. How can he have the ability to solve his own things?

"Yes, I will help you solve it!"

Chen Mo is very calm.

"Forget it, my things are not something big, and I think that Nanyang Wei Gongzi will not find my home, should nothing else!" Wen Rui got into Chen Mo's face, so it was very euphemistic. One sentence.

"That, if you have anything, please call me!"

Chen Mo said faint.

"Yep!"

Wen Rui saw that Chen Mo was so confident, nor did it say anything, just nodded gently, then continued to eat.

After a moment, Wen Ruo suddenly looked up Chen Mo and then said softly: "Chen Mo, or you have lived with me?"

" ..."

Chen Mo who was drinking water was sprayed out directly from the water in his mouth, and then looked at the Wen Ruo in front of himself.

"You ... do you want to live with me?"

Chen Mo glared at the beads, and the expression was incredible to shout.

......