Chapter 5: Mingsheng Hotel

After listening to Chen Mozhen's intended to ask the classmates in the class, Li Kai has passed the classmate in the class. He really can't understand the poor boy who can do for the money. Why It seems that I have changed a person, I can give money, please go to the dinner.

At this time, Gao Feifei seemed to take a strange look at this time, but she quickly reacted, Chen Mo is definitely buried in this time, how can he have money? Do you have money?

Gao Feifei's heart is darkly glad that he has separated from Chen Mo, and Chen Mo is a wasteful waste in her eyes, not only has no money, but also likes to brag!

"What happened today?" Meng Liang's expression on his face was very unfair.

"Can you still have it, Gao Feifei smashed him, Li Kai was so insulting him, definitely not in the heart, hard my head agreed to it!"

Liu Rui slowly returned, then continued: "But please go out to eat, it is two or three thousand dollars, big, two people helped him have this money!"

"Well, I just got a living fee!"

Meng Liang nodded and nodded. He still understood Chen Mo at this time.

"Hey, Chen Mo is this? What is this today? Not only do you want to participate in the party, but now I have to ask everyone to eat, is it true or fake?"

Liu Luo said very disdainted from Chen Mo.

"Yeah, if you really invite everyone to eat, Wang Yu can have to eat!" Xu Jiao shouted.

Wang Wei is just now, if Mo will ask everyone to gather, he will eat fat.

"Of course, is it true, isn't it a meal?"

Chen Mo said very calm back, then turned to see Wang Yin faintly asked: "When do you plan to eat it?"

"Please eat is right, but you have to see what you are going to ask, what are you going? Are you not going to ask us to eat the roadside booth?" Wang Yusi is a little embarrassing.

"Chen Mo is not easy to ask everyone to eat meal, I think it will definitely not to eat roadside stalls, and I have to be a Mingsheng Hotel!" Li Kai reaction later followed him.

"Mingsheng Hotel?"

Chen Mo listened to Li Kai, couldn't help but shook his head.

"Right, Chen Mile, if you ask us to go to Mingsheng Hotel, I will eat it for everyone!" Wang Yu was shouted.

"Chen Mo, how? Since you want to invite everyone to eat, the Mingsheng Hotel should have no problem!" Li Kai asked.

"No problem, since you want to go there!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

The students in the class are again stunned after hearing this, because they all know that the Mingsheng Hotel in Li Kaikou is a five-star hotel, so many people have a minimum of 40,000 people in the past, how can Chen Mo? Say!

"Is Chen Mo crazy? How can he agreed?"

Meng Zhong couldn't help but exclaimed. If it is an ordinary hotel, he will take a meal with Liu Rui, but if it is a Mingsheng Hotel, Meng Liang is still can't afford it!

"Go to Mingsheng Hotel, there is no problem, but I have a request!"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly said.

"Do you have any requirements?" Li Kai looked at Chen Mail.

"Today, our classmates go to Mingsheng Hotel gathering, how is you with me?"

Chen Mo knows that Li Kai is in a difficult self. If it is Chen Mo before a day, he does not dare to agree, but now this money is nothing to do, he can't think of CHAM, and he can use this opportunity to fight back.

"Oh, let's two people half?"

Li Kai smiled, then nodded: "That's good, the consumption of our class today is half!"

"Kay, you are too handsome!"

"Okay, you can go to the Mingsheng Hotel to eat!"

The students in the class suddenly broke out a cheer in an instant after listening to Li Kai.

So many people go to the Mingsheng Hotel to eat, and they will have more than 450,000 yuan. Even if they are only half, they have to be more than 20,000. Although Li Kai is distressed, it does not mean that he can't take this money. In contrast Li Kai felt that Chen Mo didn't have a way to take this money.

"Chen Mo, you are waiting for Laozi, I will see what you do when you wait for the checkout!"

Li Kai looked at Chen Mai's back showed a smooth smile.

After more than an hour, students inside the class came to the famous five-star hotel in Nanyang City, Mingsheng Hotel.

After entering the hotel, the classmates have entered the hotel, and they have been a shocking eye. After all, most people are ordinary people, and they have not been here.

And Meng Liang Liu Rui is full of disappointment with Chen San.

"Xiaofer, do you really have money, please ask everyone?" Liu Rui hesitated, and he asked Chen Mail.

"Don't worry, since I dare to come, then I am definitely ready!" Chen Miman returned to a sentence.

"But ..." Liu Rui Zhang did just talk.

I saw a beautiful woman wearing uniform, I went to Chen Mo and others, and the beauty manager saw that Chen Mo had flashed a lot of disdain, turned to Li Kai slightly, and whispered: "The son is intended Do you eat? "

"Yes, we are going to eat, you gave us a big private room!" Li Kai shouted.

"Good gentleman, our hotel now has the minimum consumption of 10,000 standard rooms, as well as the 30,000 VIP rooms and Eight Ways of the eighteen package, you see you need that package?" The beauty face hangs professional Smile, jealousy.

Li Kai heard the beauty, couldn't help but turn his head to see Chen Mo, whispered: "Chen Mo, everyone is not easy to come to a Mingsheng Hotel, I don't think that the standard package is not awkward, or do we open a VIP package? "

"Li Kai, are you too much, the minimum consumption between the VIP is 30,000!" Zhao An'an, Zhao An'an, as if it was a bit dissatisfied.

Everyone in the field knows that Li Kai is deliberately difficult Chen Mo, if Chen Mo's hard score agreed, then it will spend a lot of money, but if you don't agree, it will lose his face.

"Square, what is your words? Since people can only come to this hotel to eat, it is certainly not bad, is Chen Mo?" Li Kai smiled.

"Do you think that do you have money like you?" Zhao Anan screamed.

"Chen Mo, what do you think? Why don't you talk? Is it scared by the price between the VIP bag, hahaha!" Li Kai shouted.

"I don't think there is no need to open a cheap package!" Chen Mo fell back.

"Haha, line, know you is a poorest, no money, please eat so good, then change to the standard private room!" In fact, Li Kai didn't don't have to humiliate Chen Mo, he didn't want to open himself. During the VIP package, after all, once it is really open, he will spend more money.

"Beauty, give us a standard private room!" Li Kai said with the hotel manager.

"Okay, I will give you this!" The beauty manager is busy nod.

"When will I say a standard package?"

At this time, Chen Mo suddenly opened his mouth.

"How? I feel expensive here, do you want to repent?" Li Kaixiang asked Chen Mail.

"Everyone is hard to come once, the standard package is borne, directly open to the room!" Chen Mo said slowly.

After listening to Chen Mo's sentence, Li Kai was directly in the original place. The smile on his face also solidified, and the students in the class were also stunned.

"Chen Mo, are you crazy? You know you don't know if you have a minimum consumption of this package ..." Zhao Anan rushed to Chen Mo's big eyes.

"Yeah, Chen Mo, you won't know the consumption standard of Mingsheng Hotel?" At this time, Li Kai's face is also very difficult, because he did not think that Chen Mo actually had to open the package, don't say it is the Supreme Package Even if it is the consumption standard between the VIP package, he can't afford it!

The expression on the face of the beauty manager also has changed. She did not think that the real rich man was not Li Kai, but the very common Chen Mo who dressed.

Gao Feifei hit Chen Mo's up and down, the expression on his face was very upset, because she didn't understand why Chen Mo, who had been very small, did this seem to have changed a person.

"Do you have so much money you can take?" Wang Wei asked Chen Mail.

"I can naturally come out, but I am worried that Li Kai can't come out!"

Chen Mo said calmly back.

Li Kai was in the words of Chen Mo, and then I didn't want to pull the scorpion directly: "Okay, isn't it a supreme package? I can't get it, since Chen Mo wants to open, That's it! "

Li Kai is completely in the rack of everyone, so he is not so embarrassed that he has no money, can only bite his teeth.

The manager of the hotel knows that Chen Mo and others are ready to open the room, and the expression on the face has changed, and even the people are busy into the private room.

After entering the private room, the expression on all the faces is very convinced. After all, they don't understand Chen Mo who has been relying on the life of the livelihood. Why suddenly become so generous.

But they may not know how tens of thousands of money don't have anything about Chen Mo's now.

"Chen Mo, do you really plan to eat here?" Xu Jiao said that Chen Mo's talented tone is also a bit different, a pair of beauty has been playing Chen Mo.

"Of course, if you want to eat, let's click!" Chen Mo fell back.

Everyone heard this, no matter so much, it took the menu à la carte.

During the period, Li Kai seems to be a little unwilling, directly point a bottle of five thousand red wine, but he didn't think that Chen Mo did not only distaaches, but the opposite directly got ten bottles!

This is equivalent to spend more than 50,000 yuan, and the expression of the expression on the face of Li Kai is uncein, because he knows that the money in his hand is not checking at all.

"Li Kai, how is your face so ugly? Is it some distressed?"

Chen Mo called his head to see Li Kai and asked softly.

"Oh, I have a distressing, nothing more than tens of thousands of money, little means!" Li Kaiji returned to Baba, then he lowered his mobile phone, as if it was ready to start looking for people!