Chapter 123: Lin Qiu Water

The day does not fall into the bar, Lin Qiushui's office.

Lin Qiushu took the mobile phone to listen to the words of his mother and herself, and the expression on his face was very desperate.

Lin Qiusi is in a businessman's family, parents are very famous businessmen in Nanyang City, and the family conditions are very good, and the long and beautiful of Lin Qiushe itself is very beautiful, so it is also a very standard white rich. .

However, Lin Qiushui has a problem, that is, she has a very serious cleansing. She has no way to tolerate a man appears in her life, so even if it is already twenty-seven, she still has not talked about love, nor Want to talk about love.

In front of the front, Lin Qiushui, the parents of Lin Qiushu arranged a blind date, the blind date is a good thing, the family conditions are also the door to the door, although Lin Qiu Water does not have a little interest in this man, but also feel that this man is very dirty. But his parents like this man very much. It has not been married to people without the consent of Lin Qiuwei.

This matter will be died in Lin Qiu, she really don't know how to face a man who doesn't like itself, but also marry the man with this man, think about it is terrible.

"Autumn water, I think your son of Zhang Bo is still quite good. People have a good job, you are so big, this is to continue to wait until waiting for? So you will listen to my mother to persuade, Hurry and make your marriage, my mother will not worry! "Lin Qiushui's mother said softly.

"Mom, you will die this heart, I will never marry a person I don't want to marry!" Lin Qiushu bit his lips whispered.

"Then you tell me who you want to marry?"

Mother tone is somewhat angry and asked.

"I ... I just don't want to marry that person!"

"Autumn water, now you want to marry the problem, I have already discussed your dad, if you don't marry your son of Zhang Bo family, we will take your bar back, when you want to think about yourself Let's! "

After saying this, Lin Qiuwu's mother hangs directly.

Lin Qiushui took a mobile phone. The pretty face is full of despair. It is her biggest dream to open a bar, but the light is on alone, there is no money to operate this bar. The big part of her parents are her parents. given.

At this point, her parents actually use the bar to threaten themselves, Lin Qiushu feels that she is going crazy.

If Lin Qiusi promised to marry the man, she will be very unwilling, but if if she does not agree, her bar will be taken back by her parents.

Lin Qiushui sat on the chair, the expression is very entangled, don't know how you should choose.

"Jingle Bell……"

At this time, Lin Qiushui's mobile phone rang again.

Lin Qiushi picked up the phone and looked at it and found that the phone called himself, so I turned on the phone.

"Autumn water, is my student to your bar?" Yanme smiled.

"I have already arrived, I also arranged his work, you can rest assured, I will definitely take care of the students you introduced!" Lin Qiuwu whispered.

"That's good, this Chen Mo is actually very poor. His parents are dead, he has always been reading in the school, so you must take care of him, know? "Yanme is slowly said.

"This is so pitiful?"

Lin Qiushu couldn't help but remember his attitude toward Chen Mo. After all, she was not because Chen Mo had sinned her in the taxi, but because of his parents, it was a bad thing, but When I contacted Chen Mo, Lin Qiushui vented her grievances in Chen.

"Yeah, today, Chen Mo is still mistaken in the school!" Yan Xiaoo fell back.

"Oh, I know, I will give him a little bonus when I wait until the salary."

Lin Qiushui said nothing.

"Autumn water, you don't seem to be very good today? Is there anything happening?" Yanme me feels that Lin Qiu Water is the same, and asked very well.

"Not because of my parents, they actually let me go with a man who I have seen twice, I really don't know what they think!" Lin Qiuwu is on the table. A sentence.

"I can't help you, you still think about it!"

Yanmeu has been a little one for Lin Qiushu Parents, and she is also a little one. She is naturally loved as an outcome.

"Yeah, I can have a boyfriend now, I can tell my parents, I don't want to marry that person!" Lin Qiushu said with a small mouth.

"Unfortunately, you don't like it, you think men are very dirty!" Yan Xia smiled.

"Hey……"

Lin Qiushui helplessly sighed, she didn't know how she should be good now.

......

the other side.

After Chen Mo left Lin Qiushu, Li Si, who came to the Break, and then gave Chen Mai to find a work suit.

In a short contact, Chen Mo's hair is very popular, often touching Chen Mo's body with his big chest, and will tease Chen Mo.

If there is no inheritance of the heritage, he may not have any resistance, although Li Sisi is not particularly good, but the body is sexy, it is very tempting for Chen Mo. of.

But now Chen Mo's beauty is very much. Whether it is Su Mu Bai Yaoyao or Mingmei, just have a lot more than Li Si, so now Chen Mo is nature in this Li Sisi nature.

After replacing the new uniform, Chen Mer came to the bar of Li Sisi, and then he met with the rest of the rest of the bars, and started to work.

Because Chen Mo has also been played in the bar before, it is still very understandable for these work inside the bar, and it is very good to do.

Although Chen Mo has already inherited hundreds of billions of assets, he felt that since he had promised the Yanmei to come to this bar, naturally, he should also do what you should do, so Chen Mo did not live. It is more than a few waiters who are doing more than a few waiters.

And Lin Qiushui, who just finished the phone, from the office, just saw Chen Mo's efforts to clean the health.

Lin Qiusi nodded very satisfied, and then went to Chen Mo, and wanted to praise Chen Mo.

However, Lin Qiuwu went behind two steps, suddenly stopped, then the beautiful glance has flashed a different look.

Lin Qiushi said that he said to himself before his mother, Chen Mo, who said to Yanme, and her.

Lin Qiushui's mind suddenly flashed a bold idea.

"If this is the case, my mother doesn't have to force me to marry?"

Lin Qiushui has flashed a whisper, and it sighs.

......