Chapter 12: Hotel opening

Wei Xiaole showed that Chen Mo didn't seem to want to give himself the meaning of his shoes. "Isn't your kid not be afraid? I just let you give my shoes clean you, you didn't hear it. is not it?"

"I have already given you money, can people can take away?"

Chen Mo loudly rushed to Wei Xiaole asked.

At this time, Chen Mo did not want to expose his identity, so there will be no more than Wei Xiaole, but for the licking shoes, it has violated Chen Mo's bottom line.

"Isn't it clear enough? Take someone to take someone!"

Obviously, Wei Xiaole is not willing to take it away, so that Chen Mo takes people, after all, Liu Dadong and Xu Jiao have been equal, it is not easy to encounter once.

So he will deliberately deliberately in this time, if Chen Mo is giving him shoes, Wei Xiaole will definitely find other ways to be difficult for Chen.

"Chen Mo, where are you still doing? How do you do it? Let's take it, you can go!"

Xu Jiao saw Chen Mo without any response.

Chen Mo listened to this, after the eyes of Xu Jiao, he did not think that Xu Jiao did as Xu Jiao asked Chen Mo to pay attention to Wei Xiaole's request, but he came over to save them!

"Kid, heard no? Hurry up, let me get clean, then roll out ..."

Wei Xiaolu said with Chen Mo.

Chen Mo's faceless standing in the same place, did not say a word.

"Xiao Le, don't make trouble!"

At this time, Wei Ming, who has never speaking, suddenly shouted.

"Big Brother ..."

Wei Xiaole turned his head to the location of Wei Ming.

"Since people have already brought money from people, you don't have difficult people, let them go!" Wei Ming said.

"But I ..." Wei Xiaole seems very unwilling.

"I let you put them, have you not heard?" Wei Ming shouted.

"..."

Wei Xiaole looked at Wei Ming hesitated, then whispered: "Okay, today you are lucky, with these two sons, I will be seen in the future ..."

Xu Jiao and Liu Di heard this later, and ran the position of Chen Mo's position.

And Chen Mo also said more, turned around and walked outside, Liu Dadong and Xu Jiao were tight after Chen San.

......

After a few minutes, Chen Miman came out of KTV with Xu Jiao and Liu Luo, Xu Jiao hunged her eyes, then said that I didn't say anything: "Chen Mo, I heard that you borrow our two money because of Liu Di I promised to go to bed with you? "

"Yes, do you have any comments?" Chen Mo asked.

"Of course, I have opinion, you have this kind of person with Liu Lu to bed, you don't look at what is a virtue!"

Xu Jiao said very disdainted, then continue to say: "This money we will also give you two, but you still don't dream here with Liu Di bed, Liu Ri us!"

After that, after I finished this, Xu Jiao took Liu Luo and planned to leave. From the beginning to the end, I didn't even have said thank you with Chen Mo.

When Liu Di is naturally, he is really unhappy. He is really sad to bed, and she feels that even if she is really refreshed, Chen Mo should not take himself, so I don't want to turn around.

"I have money to save you from Wei Xiaole's hands. I will have money and let Wei Xiaole will catch you back, so I think you are now best to consider it!"

Just when the two girls were just ready to leave, Chen Mo suddenly called.

"..."

Liu Di listened to Chen Mo's sentence, slightly fiddling, and the next consciousness stopped his footsteps.

"Chen Mo, are you too much? It's all classmates. Do you look like this?" Xu Jiao called Chen Sailou.

"When I bullied me, I thought of our classmates?"

Chen Mo said faint.

"you……"

Xu Jiao heard Chen Mo's sentence directly.

"Clarivate, you still don't worry, you will accompany him for one night, or Wei Xiaoli can really put the two caught back ..." Liu Di bites whisper.

"But how can I bear to look at you insulted by this person?"

Xu Jiao as if he cares about Liu Rong, shouting with the big eyes of Waterwell.

"If you can't bear to heart, you can accompany me for a night!"

Chen Mo said that Xu Jiao said.

"..."

Xu Jiao heard Chen Mo's sentence, I didn't want to release Liu Di's hand, then said softly: "Li Lu, you can rest assured, I will never tell anyone!"

After that, after I finished this, Xu Jiao rushed into the distance, and I was afraid that Chen Mo suddenly left her.

Look at Xu Jiao's back, I don't know what to say.

Chen Merlot broke a taxi, then he said: "Don't be stunned, get on the bus!"

Liu Di stands hesitated in place, and then biting his teeth with Chen Mo's taxi.

Ten minutes later.

The taxi stopped in front of Nanyang University, Chen Mo knows that many couples in Nanyang University will come here, and Chen Miman has not lived outside the hotel, so I don't know other places, so I can only bring Liu Luo. come here.

"Chen Mo, this is my first time, will you bring me such a break?"

After Luxi got off the bus, it seems to be a little unsatisfactory.

"I can find a hotel for you, you believe that I don't believe me now let you take clothes on the street?"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"you……"

Liu Di heard Chen Mo's sentence, and then he continued to say: "I told you, let's two of the things you can't tell anyone, otherwise I will definitely not let you!" "

"There is also a chance to enter the room, you can't affiriate me, hurry up time to do things, I will bite a bite by the dog. Let's have no relationship there after two, know?"

Chen Sile is very speechless to Liu Luo, and the face is very speechless, and I went to the front desk opened a room.

When the hotel's waiter saw Chen Mo's simultaneously coming in with Liu Luo, it flashed in the eyes.

After all, Chen Mo's dress is very silk, and Liu Di sexy is beautiful, and these two people are not a couple who are not a couple.

Although Liu Dadi is very big when he talks to Chen Merja law, it is actually that she opened a room with boys in the first time, so the heart is still very nervous, standing in the door of the room, hesitating for a long time, still afraid to go in.

"come in!"

Chen Mo opened the door and said that he did not express his expression.

"Chen ... Chen Mo, I just told you ... Do you remember?" Liu Di asked Chen Mail.

"If you don't come in, I will call Wei Xiaole now? I think Wei Xiaole should be so polite to you?" Chen Mo said.

"Don't ..."

Liu Di heard the name of Wei Xiaole and shouted again, and then walked into the room.

"Undress!"

After Chen Mo saw Liu Di entered the room, there was no nonsense at all, shouted directly.