Chapter 31: I can't afford to buy a house?

"Manager Zhang, what did you say? My membership is canceled?"

Li Kai's friend Zhang Gongzi after hearing Zhang He, the expression on his face became very excited.

After all, the membership card of the Jacques restaurant is still very difficult. When Zhang Gongzi spent several millions in the Jacques restaurant, she did not easily got a gold-level member card. At this time, I was inexplicably canceled. Zhang Gongzi's heart It is definitely very unwilling.

"Zhang Gongzi, I am sorry, this is what I mean above, there is nothing to do with me!" Zhang He has no expression.

Li Kai was directly in the original place after hearing this sentence, and his face was very ugly.

Li Kailin clearly knows how important this membership card is for Zhang Gongzi, and Li Kai also clears how important Zhang Gongzi is about himself.

Today, Li Kai came over to participate in the birthday party of Zhang Gongzi. In fact, the main purpose is to close to the people, after all, Zhang Gongzi has a very large project that needs to bid, and Li Kai's father is also preparing to bid, just Li Kai In the box, this thing has been told by Zhang Gong, and Zhang Gongzi has also promised to agree.

Li Kai's premiere of Li Kai is in order to get this project, but at this time, because Li Kai's thing I did, I didn't know how I didn't know how I should explain it. !

"Zhang Gongzi, you are already eligible for eating here, I hope you can work with our work!" Zhang Hao said with Zhang Gongzi.

"Li Kai, who is your mother sin? Why do you have to be tired of others?"

Zhang Gongzi figures angry rushing to Li Kai.

"Zhang Gongzi, you listen to me explained ..."

Li Kai said quickly.

"Explanation? Don't explain this time this time? Do you explain what you have to meet you in the future!" Zhang Gongzi was inexplicably canceled with membership, and the heart was very angry. After the big arrogance, he took it directly to leave.

"That monster cooperates with you ..." Li Kai shouted.

"Laozi's member is gone, and also cooperates with you?"

Zhang Gongzi crashed away.

Li Kaijie stood in the same place, his face was very desperate.

I have been busy for so long, I have a thorough soup because of a sentence, Li Kai does not know how to describe her own mood.

"What is Chen Mo going? Even if we have just contracted him, the Jacques restaurant can not make such a big reaction?" Gao Feifei frowned.

"This Chen Mo must definitely give a manager, what is the two people, it is a group!"

Li Kai took the teeth and then returned to a sentence, and then continued: "I watched this Chen Mo, you wait back to school, I have to clean up this Chen Mo!"

Li Kai is like a lot of luck since he is with Gaffefi, especially if there is a relationship with Chen Mo, it is even more unlucky.

So Li Kai is now very hoping to find a chance, venting all the grievances in these days.

"What is the husband to do now? Do you want to change a place to eat?" Gao Feifei hesitate to say softly with Li Kai.

"The things that work with Zhang Gongzi are soaked. You still have a thought to eat? How do you fuck so much?"

Li Kai looked at Gao Feifei around himself, and the tone was very collapsed.

At this time, Li Kai is thinking about how it should explain this issue with his dad after home.

After Gao Feifei was taken by Li Kai, he didn't dare to talk.

......

the other side.

After leaving the Jacques restaurant, he did not know these things that occurred in the Jacques restaurant. He didn't care because he knew that Zhang He was able to handle the next thing.

"I didn't expect that this fiancee is still a lot of beautiful women, but unfortunately people can't see me at all!"

Chen Mo did not help but sigh.

Although Su Mu Bai is really very beautiful, the beautiful is more than Chen Mo's imagination, Su Mu Bai's high-level girl can enjoy himself, but if you don't like it, Chen Mo will nature will not force.

Strip-twisted melon is not sweet. This truth is Chen Mo or understand.

Anyway, Chen Mo only needs to be able to complete the requirements of the will, and get the heritage.

Moreover, Chen Mo feels that he is actually very good with Su Mu, which is actually very good. At least two people don't have to limit each other, Chen Mo can also go to find his favorite girl, Chen Mo is now no longer the original Chen Mo, there is still little woman around you.

"Mr., hello, we are the newly opened real estate, do you want to take a look?"

At this time, a plain girl who took a white t-shirt denim shorts in a white t-shirt and ran in front of Chen Mo, and smiled.

Chen Mail looked up and looked up at the girl in front of him. Although the girl was dressed very ordinary, the long phase was actually very beautiful. At the very least than the Gao Feifei Liu Luo, a lot of eyes is like a night. The star is general, the sparkish, the slender legs are exposed to the air, can't help but want to touch it.

"Sorry, I don't have time now!"

At this time, Chen Sime has been thinking about those words he spend with Su Mu, so there is no mood to see the house.

After that, after the words, Chen Mo turned to leave.

"Mr., can you help me!"

After the little girl saw Chen Mo, he shouted.

"help you?"

Chen Mo heard this later, I couldn't help it, then I asked: "What do you want me to do?"

"I am a student of Nanyang University. My name is Lin Xi!" The little girl said softly, said with Chen Mo.

"What?" Chen Mail asked.

"I have a part-time job every weekend, but we send a flyer to be required. Every day, we must take a 10 guest to sell the building to get the money today, I will find nine today. Guests, a guest will reach the standard, but now you will get off work, can you help me? "Lin Xi was very anxious.

Chen Mail hesitated, in fact, he also considered something that wanted to buy a house last night, and he read a little girl in Lin Xi, it is not easy to send a letter here, so nod him say: " Ok, let me go in and see it! "

"Thank you, you are so good!" Lin Xi saw Chen Mo's promised, shouted very happy.

"It's ok!"

Chen Mo smiled back to a sentence.

"this way please……"

Lin Xi rushed Chen Mo made a given gesture.

After a few seconds, Chen Mo walked into the sales office.

However, Chen Mo just walked into the sales office and heard a woman shouted: "Lin Xi, what are you going? How do people take it in the sales office? What is this person?"

Chen Mo looked up and looked up after hearing.

I saw a sales lady in black uniforms stepped on the high heels. She came out from the sales office. The woman's age should be a few years old, but the length of the face is still very beautiful, especially a pair of water-moving foxes. The scorpion, giving people a very temptation.

Black uniform tightly packaged woman's embossing body, front neck exposed white shirt, proud double peaks seem to break through the comfort of the clothes, a pair of long white calves, a black stockings, a pair of delicate feet High heels.

This woman feels like a fox in general, unusual sexy.

"Master Wang, this person is the customer I found on the street!" Lin Xixiang is rushing to the woman.

"client?"

When the woman heard this, he went very disdain, and then said with his own delicate little mouth: "Lin Xi, Lin Xi, what is your brain? You think this person can be bought Do you have a house? He can't even buy a toilet, even if I have a request for you, you can't find a junk to come over? "

Lin Xi listened to the woman's sentence, and the expression was slightly glanced, and he had to say that Chen Mo's dress is really unlike it is to buy a house.

"Lin Xi, this person is not counting, now there is still twenty minutes, you have to get off work, you will give me another customer!" The woman shouted in Lin Xi very impatiently.

"Good Wang Manager!"

Lin Xi was very nervous and then turned directly to the outside of the sales office.

But at this time, Chen Mer's reached out of the Lint, and then he asked the woman, "" "" What do you think is true? "

"What kind of talent can be calculated?"

When a woman heard this, I couldn't help but a smile, and then faintly said: "Of course, people who can buy a house can be customer!"

"Who told you, I can't afford to buy a house?"

Chen Mo looked at the woman asked very calm.