Chapter 68: What should you do if I buy a villa?

I was originally prepared to follow the left of Chen Yaoyao, after hearing someone called my name, I couldn't help but look up and looked up to the location of the entrance of the sales office.

When Chen Mo saw the girl who came in from the door, it was surprised by the eyes.

"Akemi?"

Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence.

Nothing at this time, the girl in the sales office is not someone. It is the girl who is preparing to introduce Chen Mo last night. It is also a good girlfriend of Wei Jiaqi.

Originally, Mingmei and Chen Mo were still very good last night. Two people must add WeChat to each other, but they have been destroyed by Gao Feifei Liu Luo, but Chen Mo is in the Mingmei heart. The image is also a thousand feet. Chen Mo is a thorough big liar in the eyes of Mingmei.

Obviously, it is a poor silk of garbage, but it is too much to wear two generations to cheat girls.

Mingmei is very beautiful today, wearing a short sweater, the crisp chest is towering, the lower body is a black denim shorts, and the long white legs are directly exposed to the air, and the feet are placed on a pair of high heels Sandals, the whole person seems to have sexy seductive, but more pure vitality.

After seeing Chen Mo shouted his name, the instinct was stunned, and then I couldn't help but watch Chen Mo said: "I didn't expect it to be a big liar. What did you come here?"

Chen Mail listened to this sentence, and the hearts of the mind should be that it has not forgotten things last night, so it is not prepared to continue to take care of the Mingmei, but the steps continue to go outside the sales office.

"Don't be so anxious!"

Mingmei suddenly reached out Chen Mo, then got up and down Wang Yao Yao, plus this place is the villa's sales office, and the beautiful face of the Mingmei appeared in an instant expression.

"Chen Mo, you won't be here to pretend to be rich in the second generation?"

Mingmei looked at Chen Mo's cold smile.

The scene of the sales of those sales in the scene has been surrounded by Chen Mai, and a few points in the eyes of the eyes, they did not think that Mingmei actually met Chen Mo.

Mingmei got up and down, Wang Yaoyao, then said with a small mouth: "Chen Mo, is it because of several universities in Nanyang City know that you are a big liar, so you will start to put your attention is a little bit a little bit. Women's body? "

"Is these related to you?"

Chen Mo's no expression asked.

"There is nothing to do with me, but I just saw you felt uncomfortable. Do you have any opinions?"

Mingmei took a little mouth and then looked at Wang Yaoyao and said: "This sister, I think you may be deceived by this Chen Mo, he is here to come here to send you? I want to buy a villa to give you? I am with you Say you don't believe in such a bastard, he is a big liar! "

"Chen Gongzi did not say to buy a villa to send me, I am the salesperson of the sales office!" Wang Yaoyao faintly.

"It turned out to be like this, it is certain that Chen Mo is pretending to buy a villa, then deliberately close you, I tell you, don't believe this person's ghost, this person is a big liar, he is impossible There is money to buy a villa! "Mingmei simply does not know the relationship between Wang Yao Yao and Chen Mo. She feels that Chen Mo has changed the goal of a society after she didn't lie to her hand.

"Xiaomei, do you know this person?"

At this time, Sun Wei came to Mingmei's side, and I asked in Mingmei.

"The cousin, I certainly know this person. This person is Chen Mo. When we were still drinking in the bar last night!" Mingmei quickly returned.

Chen Mo listened to Mingmei and Sun Wei's dialogue before they reacted why it would appear in this place. The original Sun Wei is Mingmei's cousin!

"So this is ah!"

Sun Yi nodded like a little laugh.

"Cameard, I will tell you, this Chen Mo is actually a big liar. I still want to pretend to be proud of the second generation to lie to me last night. He is actually a brunette of garbage. However, I just like to pretend to be rich in the world to meet my own vanity, the way to cheat a little girl! "

Mingmei pointed at Chen Mojiao.

Everyone heard the phrase of Mingmei, I was in the same time. They didn't believe that Chen Mo was a rich second generation, but Wang Yaoyao has always believed in this matter, so they also maintain a letter to Chen Mo's identity.

But at this time, the appearance of Mingmei directly expressed the true face of Chen Mo, and everyone was very surprised.

In addition to the dislike of Chen Mo, there is also a sympathy against Wang Yao, because they think that Wang Yaoyao should not be a string together with Chen Mo, after all, Wang Yaoyao is also a manager in the company, and the fate is, she is completely You must make such a boring thing.

"Xiaomei, are you really true?" Sun Wei asked with Mingmei.

"Of course, I really don't believe it, now I can go to Nanyang University to inquire, and their schools have no one knows Chen Mo!" Mingmei is very determined to return.

"Ha ha……"

Sun Wei couldn't help but laughed, and then look at Wang Yao Yao and said: "Wang Yaoyao, I don't think we should wait until tomorrow? Since this kid is a poor egg of garbage, then he will not come over tomorrow, so Do you still go to resignation as soon as possible! "

"How do you know that Chen Gongzi has no money to buy a villa?"

Wang Yao Yao has no expression.

"You didn't hear those words that Xiao Mei said?"

"How can you hear it? Do you have any evidence that she is all true! Even if you want to expel me now, don't use this urgent?" Wang Yaoyao asked.

"Wang Yao Yao, I see you really don't see the coffin, the coffin is not crying, then I will give you a day, I will see what this little child is not over, can you still say something!" Sun Wei felt that he has won Therefore, it will not be anxious to be in a hurry.

"Don't take a day!"

But at this time, I have been standing on a side to accept Mingmei accused.

"What do you mean by this?"

Sun Wei looked at Chen Mail.

"I can buy this villa today, but since Wang Yaoyao said, if I have no money to buy this villa, she chooses to resign, but if I bought this villa, what should you do?" Chen Mo looked He asked Sun.

Sun Wei heard Chen Mo's sentence, the instinctive stunned.