Chapter 38: Deception

Chen Mimi lies in the bed and looked at his mobile phone. He recalls that no matter how you visit it, there is no way to log in to that account, and some people actually pretend their identity.

That means that you must be stolen.

But Chen Sail didn't understand, there is no money above the account, why should the other?

"Is it the number of Nanyang Wei Gongzi?"

Chen Sime flashed a guess.

But he quickly demonstrated this guess, because he found that this person of the hacking did not use Chen Mo's famous immunity to promote other anchors.

Chen Mo learned through Wen Ruoxi and his own words, in fact, Nanyang Wei Gongzi is a boss of a anchor company, but also wants to sign the Wen Ruoyu to his company. If it is Nanyang Wei Gongzi, then he will definitely use Chen Mo. The name of the account is good to promote his company's anchor.

But at this time, the hacking is just a gift in the live broadcast of Wen Ruo, and then it is directly under the line.

This also makes Chen Mo more doubts this hacking person to do what is going to do.

Chen Mage took the mobile phone for a long time, and finally did not find anything, and Wen Ruo is also broadcast live, Chen Mo has closed the phone to prepare a break.

"Hey!"

At this time, Chen Mo's mobile phone suddenly rang.

Chen Mer took the mobile phone to see an eye, and found that it was a voice that Wen Ruo sent it, he quickly opened his voice.

"Chen Mo, have you slept? I have a good thing to tell you!" Wen Ruo's sexy glamorous sound.

"What? I haven't slept yet!"

Chen Mo is busy typing back.

" !"

Chen Mo didn't go out less than a minute, knocking up.

Chen Mohuo quickly went to the bed opened the door and found a cool-dressed Wen Ruozuo positive standing position at the door.

Perhaps because of the relationship of the live broadcast, the Wen Ruoyu in this time is very casual, and she has a few points in the live broadcast, but it adds a bit of sexy, and the upper body is wearing a white pointer T-shirt. And the T-shirt is relatively, the faint approximately can see the black underwear inside Wen Ruo, and the lower body is a miniskirt, and the long white legs stepped on a pair of pink sneakers, and the whole person looks very fascinating.

"What is so happy?"

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo, and then smiled and asked.

Wen Ruo is very embarrassing into Chen Mo's room, there is no shot, sitting directly in Chen Mo's bed, laughing: "You guess what I want to tell you?"

"You have a lottery ticket?" Chen Mo has returned to a sentence.

"My sister has a few days before, I have given me a few millions. It should be almost the lottery tickets!" Wen Ruo said with a small mouth.

"Then what are you talking to me?"

Chen Mo said and asked.

"Oh, you seriously guess, I guess it, I will give you a little prompt now. This thing is related to my live broadcast!" Wen Rui saw that Chen Mo seems to be a little perfunctory, some are unhappy.

"Is there a relationship with your live broadcast?"

Chen Mo is slightly frowning.

"Yes, there is a relationship with my livelihood!" Wen Ruo continued to remind the way.

Chen Mo listened to the words of Wen Ruo, suddenly had a bad premonition in his heart, and quickly asked: "What is your way to tell me?"

"Hey, why are you stupid, forget it, I still tell you directly!"

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mei's little hand, then continued: "How many things in my live broadcast of millions have been brushed in front of my live broadcast?"

"Impression!"

Chen Mo nodded, after all, the past is the wind is Chen Mo, how can he not impress it?

"Before the one in my live broadcast, I have always felt that I have not been in my heart, so I have sent him a lot of private letters. I want to ask him to eat, but the past has always been I didn't take care of me, but today he actively talking to me, do you know? "Wen Ruo is very happy to rush through Chen Mo.

After Chen Mo listened to this sentence of Wen Ruo, Chen Mo was directly in the original place. The expression on his face was very surprised.

Because Chen Mai finally reacted at this moment, why did the person hackled, he is not rushing in the account in the account, but rushing to Wen Ruo!

"How do you not be excited?"

Wen Rui saw that Chen Mo's expression seems to be a little serious, and he asked Chen Mail.

"What do you find that the past is excited with the wind? He didn't give me a gift!"

Chen Mo fell back, at this time, he has been thinking about what this hacking is thinking, so it is natural that there is no mood to take care of Wen Ruo.

"This past is not only talking to me, and we have added WeChat. I said that I want to ask him to eat, he also agreed to it!" Wen Ruo said Chen Mai continued.

"You still want to ask him to eat?"

Chen Miman asked with a brow.

"Yeah, people give me so many gifts these days, I invite him how about meal?" Wen Rui's returned.

"Then haven't you think about what other ideas?"

Chen Mo hesitated and said softly.

"What other ideas do you have?"

Wen Rui didn't help but stopped, then bite his red lips and said: "In fact, I feel that people are willing to help me, and they are definitely thinking about me, so I am ready to follow. He touched, if I think he is ok, I don't mind if I try to contact him! "

Chen Mo listened to this sentence of Wen Ruo, I feel that I have a feeling of five thunders.

Chen Mo did not think that Wen Ruo is like this idea for the past, but I still want to try to communicate with the past.

However, Wen Ruo didn't know that the real past is in her side, and the person she wants to meet tomorrow is counterfeit.

The person who hacking nickname is nothing more than this evening, I brushed some gifts in Wen Ruo, the most is more than 20,000 yuan, but with this 20,000 but I can exchange Wen Ruo's heart, this sale is still very cost-effective!

Although Chen Mo did not have to show his identity with Wen Ruo, Chen Mo suddenly pretended to be pretended by others, and may also scam the color, Chen Siles suddenly had a show that I want to show my show with Wen Ruo!

But Chen Mo is also worried, even if you have explained your identity with Wen Rui, Wen Ruo will believe that you are going to follow the wind?

After all, I am a poor and white poor child!

"I don't know which past event has been with the wind, long handsome is not handsome ..."

At this time, Wen Rui naturally didn't know what Chen Sime thought of, and he had always imagined himself in the mind with the past, and his face was full of expectations.

"If you have passed tomorrow, I found that he is so ugly and is still very old." Chen Mo quickly asked.

"If you really say this, then I will give him a good gift. After all, people have brushed me so much gift, I will definitely n't want it!" Wen Ruo said.

Chen Mail listened to Wen Rui, the expression on this sentence seems to be more speechless, Wen Rui is very simple, that is, if the other party is almost like Wen Ruo, the long-distance can also say it, then Wen Rui may follow the hacking person Together, but if the other party is relatively large, the length is more ugly, then Wen Ruo will give money to this person.

But all of these money is Chen Mo!

Although Chen Mo did not care about this money, but at this time, he will give it to an outsider. Chen Mo is still very uncomfortable.

"call……"

Chen Mo took a breath, then rushed to Wen Ruo: "Wen Rui, there is a matter I have never told you!"

"What?" Wen Rui saw that Chen Mimi was as serious as some seriously, and he walked softly.

"In fact, I am the real past, and your gifts are all brushed!"

Chen Mo directly said his own identity.

And Wen Ruo was directly stunned after hearing Chen Mo's words, and his eyes were very impractive.