Chapter 139: Sun Secretary

After hearing the voice, everyone turned his head to the position of the meeting room.

But after they saw people who came in, they were all stunned.

"Chen Mo?"

After seeing Chen Mo, Zhang Ze was shocked, because he didn't think that Chen Mo didn't come over today.

"..."

Su Mu Bai also looked at Chen Mo at this time, she has already desperately desperate, she feels that Chen Mo will not come over today, so she is ready to promise Zhang Ze to cancel the marriage of Chen Mo!

But at this time, Chen Mo has come over.

"You want to cancel the marriage contract between our two, isn't that I have to pass my consent?"

Chen Mo went to Su Mu, asked very calm.

"Chen Mo ..."

Su Mu Bai looked at Chen Mo, his heart, five flavors, do not know how to answer this question.

"Chen Mo, what else do you come over? You didn't agree yesterday to find an investor for my sister company? Where is investors?"

Su Mu Bai has not spoken yet, and Su Tuyu first pointed at Chen Mai's nose shouted.

"Do I talk to you?"

Chen Mimo met his head to see Soviet Yutu, asked without expression.

"You don't talk about it here. Yesterday, you have already said it with my sister. If you have no way to find investors today, you have to cancel the marriage contract with my sister, what about your investors? Is it?"

Su Tuyu looked at Chen Mo and then pulled his throat.

"Chen Mo, in fact, I feel that Mu Bai is now doing this for you. After all, if Mu Bai can be with me, I will be responsible for the dismissing fee of these shareholders. If you don't have to take this money, or just According to your current economic level, I estimate that even if you make you still, you can't change it! "

Zhang Ze also reacted at this time, and smiled, rushed to Chen Mo.

"I am not worried about my wife, I can't get it."

Chen Mimo went to see Zhang Ze and his eyes were extremely cold.

"you……"

Zhang Ze heard Chen Mo, I couldn't help but bite the teeth and shouted: "Chen Mo, don't tell me here, I will tell me, now you will cancel the marriage with Su Mu, you are best. The choice, else according to the contract of the shareholders, Su Mu Bai has not paid, you will pay it! "

"Who tells you that Su Mu Bai has no ability to repay?"

Chen Mo said calmly rushed to Zhang Ze asked.

"..."

Zhang Ze heard that Chen Mo did not help but stunned, and his eyes flashed.

And Su Mu Bai quickly walked to Chen Mo's in front of Chen Mo, and asked Chen Mail: "Chen Mo, what is your sentence? Have you already found a investor?"

Su Mu Bai suddenly ignited hope, because she felt that Chen Mo did not find investors, he did not necessarily appear in this place today.

"..."

Chen Mimo watched the Su Mu White.

"Chen Mo, what do you see? You talk, is you already found in investors?"

Su Mu Bai saw Chen Mo did not speak, and his expression was excited.

"You just said that if you want to cancel the marriage with me?"

Chen Mo asked Su Mu Bai.

"..."

Su Mu Bai heard that Chen Mo was so speechless, is it now? Chen Mo actually has a mood to care about these things!

"Chen Mo, you have not found a investor? You hurry to say happiness, don't take the ghosts here, don't you do it?"

Su Tuyu has some impatient shouting.

"Yeah, what is your child? If you have not found a investor, you will quickly send us the feet, we have no mood to waste time with you here!"

"Happy to say happening! Laozi is not mood here to talk to you ..."

The shareholders in the scene were obviously impatient, and the expression was very excited to rush through Chen Mo.

Zhang Ze looked at Chen Miles and couldn't help but smile, because he saw that Chen Mo's appearance of this is to feel that Chen Mo must find a investor, or it is absolutely impossible to talk so much nonsense.

"Chen Mo, you talk? Have you found a investor in the end!" Su Mu-white expression was anxious to rush through Chen Mo.

"You first answer my question, you just said that you have to cancel the marriage with me, is it until you send it?"

Chen Mo's facelessly asked Su Mu Bai.

"What is the meaning of this now? I originally followed my unmarried wife, because my father's company has a problem, now my company also has a problem, if I cancel the marriage with you, then follow the same Ze is together, you can solve all the trouble of our family, this is not sent to the heart, I don't send it, I just want to maximize the value of my marriage! "

Su Mu Bai shouted at Chen Mo.

"..."

After listening to Su Mu, I was silent for two seconds, then I said: "Okay, I understand what you mean!"

"Is there a new investor in the end? If you have not found it, then I can only say something to you!"

Although Su Mu Bai said so, in fact, her heart is still very hope that Chen Mo can find investors. After all, Su Mu Bai feels that he is still free with Chen Mo, but if you are with Zhang Ze, then I can only become Zhang Ze's play.

"call……"

Chen Mo took a breath, and then turned his head and shouted outside the meeting: "Sun secretary, you come in!"

In fact, Chen Mo will ask Su Mu Bai's question. He just wants to see what Siu Mu Bai is thinking. If Su Mu Bai wants to be with Zhang Ze, then even if he helps Su Su Mu Bai found a investor, what happened later, Su Mu Bai still chooses to leave himself.

Chen Mo knows that he must marry Su Mu, but if Su Mu-white heart is not here, the Chen Mo is not necessary to waste too much energy in Su Mu, two people will be a name. The couple are good.

But if Su Mu Bai is actually forced to choose to take the marriage contract with Chen Mo, then Chen Mo feels that he may have a chance to become a real couple with Su Mu.

After Chen Mo's words, a middle-aged man with Golden Bench glasses walked into the meeting room.

This person is a secretary of Li Juncheng, and also the deputy general of the company's investment company.

Chen Mo came to this evening so late, mainly waiting for Li Jincheng.

But the flight from Li Juncheng is late, Chen Mo has no way, only bringing this Sun secretary to here, preparing to let Sun Secretary with Su Mu Bai chatting.

The shareholders in the conference room were seeing Sun secretary, all stunned, and the expression on the face was very surprised because they did not think that Chen Mo did really find investors.

Even if I have been sitting in the original expression confident Zhang Ze, I can't help but stood up after seeing Sun secretary, and the expression is shocked. Chen Mo.