Chapter 112: The whole school is mine!

Nanyang University President's Office.

Qian Guangfa and Qian Zelin saw that after seeing the middle-aged man walking into the office, there were shock expressions.

"Li Dong, why have you been empty today?"

Qianze Lin quickly got up and walked to the middle-aged people and asked.

"Yeah, Li Dong, should it be the day of opening the school?"

Qian Guangfa is also busy talking.

At this time, the middle-aged people who appeared in the Coatline Office were not someone else. It is Li Jincheng. People just followed by Chen Mo Tong also Li Jincheng.

At the beginning, Li Juncheng was given to the heritage left by Chen Mo, and specially mentioned that Wang Cheng was originally a president of the school board of Nanyang University.

After Wang Cheng died, Li Jincheng took the position of Wangcheng and became the president of the agent board.

The reason why Chen Mo is so confident, because he knows that Li Jun Cheng is the president of Nanyang University's school board, and the level is far on Qianze Lin, it can be said that the principal of this school is, but it is entirely on the School Directors. meaning.

So as long as Chen Mo doesn't want to go, no one can expel him.

Nanyang University itself is a private school, so all funds are investment in shareholders inside the board of directors, and Li Juncheng is now grasping 80% of Nanyang University, which means that Chen Mo's palm holds 80% shares.

The whole school is Chen Mo's, what qualifications are Qualin to expel Chen Mo?

Li Jincheng looked at Qian Ze Lin with money with money, there was no return at all, but he walked in front of Chen Mo, and whispered: "Sorry, Chen Gongzi, I am late!"

Qian Zelin money has heard the sentence of Li Juncheng, and the expression is very shocked in the same way.

Because two of them did not think that Mo's poor children can also know the big people like Li Juncheng.

When Qian Zelin's face, he finally understood why Chen Mo had just so arrogant. Why didn't I don't dare to expel him? If Chen Mo is really aware of Li Jincheng, the Qianze Lin is indeed No courage to expel Chen Mo.

"I have not been expelled, you are not too late!"

Chen Mo fell back, and then he asked directly to Li Jincheng: "Li Juncheng, how many shares have this school?"

"Chen Gongzi, you now have eighty percent shares, and have absolute control!" Li Juncheng quickly returned.

Qian Zelin and Qianfa two people have been stupid again, they want to understand how Chen Mo suddenly has 80% of the Nanyang University, these shares should not be Li Jincheng?

"Qian Ze Lin, I forgot to introduce you, this is Chen Mo Chen Mi, which is the only legal heir of Wang Chengwin's chairman, so Mr. Wangcheng has 80% of Nanyang University, now it is also true All the son, I have always been a president of the agent of the school, and now Chen Gongzi has inherited the heritage of Mr. Wangcheng, then this president's position should be Chen Gongzi! "

Li Juncheng turned his head to Qianze Lin, and said calm.

Although Li Juncheng's tone is calm, this sentence has set off a stormy waves in the hearts of Qian Zelin and Qian Guangfa.

Who can think of this look Pu Tong, usually rely on the poor bin of the poverty in the school, and then turned into a change in the body, and became the heir of Wangcheng, but also the president of the school school board.

This is an explosive news for Qianze Lin.

Qian Ze Lin didn't know how rich the king, but he knew that Li Juncheng had a horrible existence. At this time, Li Juncheng became Chen Mo's hand, the strength of Chen Mo did not dare to imagine!

"Now this school is mine, you dare to say that you are eligible to expel me?"

Chen Mo's step forward, squinted softly in Qianze Lin.

"Chen ... Chen Gongzi ..."

Money flashed in the eyes of Qian Zelin, and retired two steps after continuous, and then he sat on the ground.

Chen Mo saw that Qian Ze Lin was scared by himself, disdain smiled, then turned his head and asked Li Juncheng: "Li Juncheng, do I have the right to replace the principal?"

Qian Zelin money has two people who hear Chen Mo's sentence, and the expression on the face is more fearful.

"Chen Gongzi, replacing the principal of the school needs to convene the School Directors, but also have 70% of shareholders to replace, but you now have eight percent shares, so you have symbolic this matter. The open school directors will be! "Li Juncheng said slowly.

"I know!"

Chen Mimer nodded, then looked at Qianze Lin continued: "I said before, unless I want to go, otherwise no one can expel me, now you can't expel me, I am eligible to expel you!"

"..."

After listening to Chen Mo's sentence, Qian Ze Lin suddenly looked at Chen Mo, and his face was gray, and the whole person was soft on the ground.

Because he didn't think of it, he actually made such a big trouble.

But who can want to get it, a rich second generation that can inherit the Wangcheng Heritage, but it is nothing to do with garbage in the school?

"Chen Gongzi, do you want to replace the position of the principal of Qianze?" Li Juncheng looked at Chen Mail in front of him.

"Li, don't!"

Qian Ze Lin quickly squatted on the ground and shouted his voice.

"Li Chi, Chen Gongzi, today is really I have an eye, I have to sin, Chen Gongzi, you have to give me a penalty, but I can't expel me, after all, I am in our school. For many years, there is no hard work! "Qian Zelin shouted very excited.

After Qian Guangfa hesitated, I also quickly squatted on the ground, rushing through Chen Mo, "Chen ... Chen Gongzi, today is that I have an eye, I am, I beg you, give us two Let's take two more items! "

Qian Guangfa is not a fool. He is very clear that he can be able to teach himself in Nanyang University. All is because of his uncle Queze Lin, if Chen Mo is expelled from Qianze Lin, then he will not What is good?

Chen Mo looked at these two people who were squatting in front of him, and I couldn't help but feel a little fun.

I was still arrogant, and I was so arrogant. At this time, I couldn't put them in front of myself. If Chen Mo is just a regular student, then Chen Mo may even explain the opportunity to explain. Directed by Qianze Lin.

Maybe this is a change that has a change!

Qian Ze Lin's eyes are extremely nervous to look at Chen Mo in front of him. I look forward to Chen Mile to let him go.

The original Qianze Lin as the principal of Nanyang University, and a sentence can determine Chen Mo's life and death.

But at this time, the location interchanged, Chen Mo's words can determine the life and death of Qianze Lin.

......

The other side, the classroom.

A student ran to the classroom, then panting and shouting: "Teacher Chen, Chen Mo is now being opened!"

Yan Mermeli suddenly turned to the student's position in the future, and asked my big eyes: "How did you know?"

"Just now, Teacher Zhang took a file into the principal's office!" Student replied.

"Ok, Chen Mo may be really opened!"

Yan Xim is somewhat desperate.

As a teacher of Nanyang University, she knows that the archives is where all teachers are stored. Once some people take files, there are only two possibilities, the first one is that the teacher left, the second is that there is a student to transfer school Or is expelled.

"No, I am going to see the principal!"

The colorful shouts have been shouted, and then drive them directly to the position of the principal.

Zhao An An hesitated, and then he ran out again.

Li Kai Gao Feifei et al. After knowing the news that Chen Mo has been opened, it has exposed a very happy smile, and several people started to discuss this evening to celebrate.

And Meng Liang Liu Rui is a despair, they did not expect that Chen Mo actually was really opened.