Chapter 117: Don't ask him!

Classroom.

Qian Guangfa slowly walked to Chen Mo's side, then said that there was no expression: "Just after the investigation of my principal, I found that there is a very big misunderstanding today. The real thief is not Chen Mo's classmates, but Zhao Hongtao himself! "

"what?"

The students inside the class have been in the shock, and the expression is very incredible after hearing this.

Zhao Hongtao stole the class fee and hidden in the desk of Chen Mo's classmates. Finally, I was standing out to fall into Chen Mo. This is a typical cultivation! "Qian Guangfa continued to shout.

The voice falls, and the entire class is falling into a silent.

Everyone is in the original place, Gao Feifei Likai Liu Lui and others are completely stupid.

Yanmei and Zhao An An are also surprised.

Mingmei reveals a smile, because if something is like this, then everything can be said, how can Chen Mo's super rich second generation will go to work?

Isn't this a joke?

"Money ... Qian Director, you have determined that this matter is clear?" Li Kai hesitated, and it seems that there is a little unsatisfactory to ask for money.

"Yeah, Qian Director, what is the problem? Is Chen Mile to buy you? The money is found in Chen Mai's desk!" Gao Feifei knows that things have been blocked, but still reflect.

"Yeah, Chen Mo must definitely a thief. You are bought by Chen Mail."

Several students inside the class seem to have can't accept this, and they shouted.

"!"

After listening to the words of everyone, Qian Guangfa took the table in front of him, and then shouted: "Give me the mouth, what is called I bought by Chen Mile, do you think I think I follow? Is the money principal bought? "

The students in the class heard the words of the rich and hair, it is completely honest.

Qian Guangfa turned his position to Zhao Hongtao's position, shouting: "Zhao Hongtao, what do you still stand there? Don't you touch the things you do?"

Zhao Hongtao hesitated, biting his teeth and walked on the platform, then whispered: "Qian Director said yes, today, this thing is really what I did, I stole the class fee, and then deliberately put it In the table of Chen Mo, I want to fall into Chen Mo! "

" !"

Gigfifi originally also arrogant, at this time, when Zhao Hongtao admitted everything he did, he retired two steps, then sat directly on the chair, and it was full of panic.

When Li Kai, he looked at Zhao Hongtao at this time. He really didn't understand why Zhao Hongtao should admit these things!

Liu Lu looked at Zhao Hongtao to show a bitter smile. In fact, Liu Di, who had already opposed this plan, she always felt something wrong, and suddenly the matter was finally revealed.

Those students in the class are standing in the position of Zhao Hongtao in place. The heart is very shocked. They did not think that Chen Mo is not a thief!

Meng Liang Liu Rui two people at this time is very excited.

"Great, Chen Mo is not a thief!" Meng Liang shouted.

"Yeah, I said that Chen Mo can't make this kind of thing!" Liu Rui was busy back.

"Now, we have already investigated it. The real thief is Zhao Hongtao, and Chen Mo is a victim, so I just discussed the money principal. How should Zhao Hongtao be dealt with, handed over to Chen Mo's decision!"

Money shouted in the class inside the class.

And Zhao Hongtao knows that his destiny is in the hands of Chen Mail. When he is busy to see the position of Chen Mo, the expression is excited: "Chen Mo, I know is wrong, I shouldn't fall by you, I beg you, I beg you. As long as you don't expel me, you can make me do anything, ask you ... "

Gao Feifei Likai and others saw Zhao Hongtao as solemnly, Chen Mo is so humble, a heart is like falling into the nine abyss.

Who can think of them who have to have to have to have to have such a big turn!

When Li Kai, Li Kai, I don't understand why Zhao Hongtao should recognize these things. If Zhao Hongtao does not admit, even if there is no way to determine that Chen Mo is a thief, it can't prove that Zhao Hongtao is doing!

"Zhao Hongtao, do you still remember the second thing I let you do?"

Chen Men asked Zhao Hongtao without expression.

"remember……"

Zhao Hongtao quickly nodded.

"Let's talk, what is the back of you refers to you!"

Chen Mo said faint.

Li Kai heard Chen Mo's sentence, the whole person was stupid, because he did not think that Chen Mo actually knew that someone looked behind Zhao Hongtao.

Li Kai's face began to become nervous, he worried that Zhao Hongtao really told himself at this time.

Gaffield, Liu Rui, Xujiao, etc., also begun to avoid the eyes of Zhao Hongtao.

After Zhao Hongtao hesitated for two seconds, he bite his teeth: "Really behind, it refers to the person who makes me is Li Kai. Li Kai has always wants to find a chance to retaliate, so this plan is Li Kai. I am just responsible for the presence of these things! "

"!"

Zhao Hongtao's sentence has caused an uproar in the class, and everyone turned his head to Li Kai's position.

No one thought that behind this matter refers to the people of Zhao Hongtao actually Li Kai.

"Zhao Hongtao, don't you have a blood spray here, when do you finger you?" Li Kai shouted at the pearly expression.

"This thing is that you refer to me, my mobile phone has the text messages you sent me. If you don't believe it, I can take it out now!" Zhao Hongtao quickly reverted.

"..."

Li Kai heard this, his face was pale, and the forehead began to take a fine sweat. I didn't know how to explain it over time.

"Chen Mo's classmates, since the two people who are framed, have you found these two people now?"

Qian Zelin went to Chen Mo's side, and asked Chen Mail.

"Do they do these things should be expelled?"

Chen Mo slowed down.

"enough!"

Qianze Lin quickly said.

Chen Mimer is faint to look at Li Kai.

After the eyes of Chen Mo's eyes, Li Kai was in the future. When Li Kai, Li Kai, I also cost a lot of relationships in order to come to Nanyang University. If Li Kai is already opened, Then his dad is absolutely killing him personally.

So Li Kai is also afraid that Chen Mo is really going to remove himself.

"Chen ... Chen Mo, I ... I know is wrong, I shouldn't fall you, ask for you, give me a chance, as long as you don't expel me, let me do anything!"

I have always been very licking Chen Mo's Li Kai. At this time, I finally lost my head before Chen Mo's face, and the attitude of speaking was very humble.

Those students in the class looked at Li Kai, and the eyes were somewhat embarrassed, they think this is too incredible.

Who can think of the rich second generation in the class, when you are seeking a poor silk Chen Mo who can't afford to look at them.

"Li Kai, you don't ask him, what he counts!"

Gao Feifei doesn't seem to have a way to accept Li Kai to give Chen Mo's look, and the emotions are very excited to rush through Li Kai.

"Chen Mo, I ask you, give me a chance, don't remove me, as long as I don't expel me, let me do anything ..." Li Kai did not take G G G Gifei, gave up his dignity, whispering Chen Silence.