Chapter 121: Sitting in a beautiful woman?

"You are not a poor shot, what are you? Chen Mo, I am with you for so many years, don't I know you? Do you think I will think that you are a rich second generation like that stupid woman? Your trick in front of me It's so ridiculous, your second generation of identity is nothing more than you are installed ... "

Gao Feifei looked very disdainful when Chen Mo said.

"I……"

Chen Mo did he want to speak, but at this time, Mingmei suddenly stopped Chen Mo, then shouted: "Chen Mo is a poor-eyed egg, and you can't say this woman, and no matter how Chen Mo has money or no money, I like it. He, I don't care at all things, I will not regret it! "

Just now Mingmei saw Chen Mo's emotions, she worried that Chen Mo is really saying her identity.

At that time, students who may know the whole Nanyang University will know that Chen Mo is a super rich second generation. When you want to compete with Mingmei, Chen Mo will also change much, so Mingmei will only stand up and interrupt Chen Mile.

Chen Mo looked at the Mingmei in front of him, and the emotions were slightly calm, and then pulpted the words they wanted to say.

"Do you have any relationship with me? Li Kai, you get up, let's go!"

Gaffield does not want to continue to discuss these things with Mingmei, and Li Kai is going to leave here.

"Gao Feifei, can you don't worry? Don't you be lost enough? Do you still think that I continue to be lost?"

Li Kai was very angry and shouted at Gao Feifei.

Students who have just watched the lively here are not particularly many, but Gaffey is so troublesome, and the onlookers have more and more, Li Kai is can't wait to find a place.

Gao Feifei heard this sentence, the whole person was stupid, and the dumby looked at Li Kai, the expression wronned: "I ... I just want you to go, I don't do anything else!"

"You also gave it to me, I like to be here now, you hurry to ggo!"

Li Kai vent all the anger in his heart in Gaffeffey, shouting with an expression.

"Li Kai, you ..."

Gao Feifei did not think that he was so trying to maintain Li Kai, but now it is just Li Kai's scold, and the tears will come out in an instant.

"What am I me? I am now letting you roll me, have you heard it?" Li Kai looked at G G Gifei shouted.

"Gao Feifei, you hurry, we are now very shameful now!"

Zhao Hongtao shouted very helpless on the ground.

"..."

Gaffield stood in the same place, I still feel that I just said to Li Kai, it is like a clown.

"I don't hurly, what?"

Li Kai bite his teeth.

"Okay, I am rolling, I will roll now!"

Gao Feifei shouted, and then went to the distance to run.

Chen Mo looked at Gaffield's back and sighed, and he was in his heart. When he was seen as a goddere of Goddess, he was in the eyes of people Li Kai, and it was a play, and the call is coming.

"Let's go!"

Chen Mimo shouted with Mingmei Wei Jiaqi Meng Liang and others shouted, and then turned and walked out of Nanyang University.

Meng Liang Liu Rui and others looked at Li Kai, who was squatting on the ground, did not say more, followed by Chen Mo's out of the school.

......

"Chen Mo, today you are too handsome, finally taught a few of Li Kai Gaffefi!"

After walking out of the school gate, Meng Liang's expression was excited to rush through Chen Mo.

"Yeah, when you were taken away by Qian Guangfa, I thought you were really thief!" Liu Rui said.

"I can't make such a thing!"

At this time, Chen Sime is still thinking about G G Gifei, who has just told himself. In fact, Chen Mo feels that Gigfi is really a little reason. If he does not inherit this big heritage, then he may be a lifetime. Waste waste of garbage, it is impossible to have anything.

"Chen Mo, how do you explain with the principal? Why do I feel that the money principal is a little fear?" Meng Liang thought about the attitude of Qianze Lin and Chen Mo, and rushed to Chen Mail.

"People are the principals of Nanyang University, how can I be afraid of me, the money principal is just that I was embarrassed, I feel unfair for me!"

Chen Mo smiled back to a sentence.

"I didn't expect our school's principal, it is not as good as the outside!"

Meng Liang also felt that it may be wrong, then continue to ask: "Right, Chen Mo, how did you prove you not a thief?"

"I let Qian Guangfa find surveillance video, discover Zhao Hongtao to steal money and hide inside my desk, so you can prove my innocence!" Chen Mo whispered.

"So this is ah!"

Meng Liang nodded, then said with Chen Mo's shoulders: "I know that you are definitely not a thief, how can you steal something!"

"Well, can you not discuss this thing, because you have broken the way, I have waited for an afternoon, let's go to the movie?"

Chen Mer was suspected, and he humiliated Li Kai and others. Meng Liang Liu Ruixin is very happy, but only Wei Jiaqi is not very happy, because she thought she had grabbed Chen Mo's handle, think It is necessary to use Chen Mo's thief to humiliate Chen Mo, but I didn't expect that I found that I was happy, Chen Miman is not a thief.

"I will go to book now, let's go to the movie ..."

Meng Liang heard Wei Jiaqi's words, and quickly took his mobile phone and was ready to buy tickets.

But at this time, Chen Mo's mobile phone suddenly rang.

Chen Mai took the phone and found that Yan Musheng was called, so quickly turned on the phone.

"Yan teacher, what happened?"

Chen Mo asked.

"Chen Mo, now it is five o'clock, you want to deal with the matter here, go to the bar to report, my friend is not very temper, you are late, she will definitely say you!" Yanme Remind Chen Mo.

"I know!"

Chen Mo heard the words of Yanme, suddenly remembered that he had to do part-time things in the bar of Yanmei.

"Then I hang!"

The Yan Xia has returned to a sentence, and then hangs directly.

"You go to the movie, I am still doing something else!"

After Chen Mo's mobile phone, he said softly to Meng Liang and others.

"Chen Mo, what do you mean? I have waited for you with Mingmei for so long, do you not say it now?" Wei Jiaqi heard Chen Mo's words, very unhappy shouting.

"Yeah, Chen Mo, everyone is waiting for you for so long, do you have anything to change?" Meng Liang seems to be a bit helpless.

"I promised to go to the bar of the teacher, and I will go to work at work soon, I don't want to go!"

Chen Mo seems to feel some embarrassment, whispered back.

"Don't do partienten jobs? How much can you earn?"

Wei Jiaqi said with a small mouth.

"Since Chen Mo is something, let him go ..."

Meng Liang knew that part-time salary was still very important to Chen Mo, so he hesitated, and he took the initiative to say one sentence.

"I have the opportunity in the future, I invite you a few movies!"

Chen Mo fell back, then moved directly to the front of the road.

Mingmei looked at Chen Mo's back, and the eyes flashed a confusion because she wanted to understand why Chen Mo's rich second generation went to the bar to work.

......

After Chen Mai was separated from Meng Liang and others, Chen Mun was separated from the roadside to stand a taxi.

The taxi slowly stopped, and Chen Merlot went to drive the door on the door.

"Master, I am going to ..."

"Comfortable?"

Chen Mergang is going to say that the bar you have to go, suddenly found his own voice behind him.

Chen Mo smashed, and quickly looked back and looked at it, then he was in the same place.

Just getting on the bus, Chen Mo has been observing a few people of Meng Liang, so I didn't see the situation in the car. I naturally didn't find that there is still one in the car!

At this time, Chen Mo is sitting in a woman who has long slender legs!

......