Chapter 13: It is to humiliate you!

After hearing Chen Mo, Liu Di can't stand it, and a pair of waters have flashed a fear.

Although Liu Di often fights with boys in the school, it is still very conservative in his bones, and then adds a good body, it is inevitable that he is very arrogant, from small to most, no girlfriend.

So I at this time, she took off her clothes in her face, and it was an insult to her.

And this is not someone else, it is the most eye-catching Chen Mo who is most eye-catching.

She doesn't have a way to imagine myself. If I really have a bed in Chen Mo today, how can I face Chen Mo?

"Don't you want to take off your clothes? Then I will go to Wei Xiaole now, they will come back!"

Chen Mo saw that Liu Di stands in the same place, and he will go out of the room.

"Don't ... don't I take off?"

Liu Luo quickly reached out Chen Mer, bite his red lips.

"Okay!"

Chen Mile stopped and looked at Liu Di.

Liu Di took a sigh of relief, trembling his hands to unwind the button of his denim shorts, and then slowly took off.

When Liu Di off his cowboy shorts, a pair of long-sleeved legs were exposed to Chen Mo's sight, and there had to be admitted that Liu Luo's woman was really very good, a pair of beautiful legs were sight and sighed.

"carry on……"

Chen Deng said that there is no expression.

"..."

Liu Lu looked at Chen Mo for two seconds, then bite his lips and start taking off the upper.

After a while, the clothes of Liu Di's trousers faded, the perfect figure is directly exposed to Chen Men's face.

Liu Di uses both hands in the chest, then the sound seems to be a bit whispered to Chen Mo: "You want to do anything now!"

Chen Mo listened to Liu Luo's sentence couldn't help but smile, and then made a thing that made Liu Rong had not thought.

Chen Mima turned into a walking outside the room.

"Chen Mo, what do you want to do?"

Liu Di saw Chen Mo's plan to leave, and even shouted at the big eyes of Water Wang Wang.

"What I want to do is done, I am gone!"

Chen Sile did not have an expression.

"You ... you are gone?" Liu Dadi was directly stunned after hearing Chen Mo's sentence, and the beauty stared at Chen Mo and understood what it means.

"Do you want to go to bed with me?"

Liu Di hesitated, and then it seems to be able to reach it. When he ran to Chen Mo and reached Chen Mo, saying: "Chen Mo, I know is wrong, I haven't arithmeted with you before. How do you want to think now, don't let Wei Xiaole come over, I am looking for you, I am not good? "

At this time, Liu Di thought that Chen Mo was going to repent, so poor Baba rushed to Chen Mo.

Perhaps because of tension, she no longer has the most critical part of her hands, everything is exposed.

"I have to say that I am going to find Wei Xiaole?"

Chen Mo asked Liu Di.

"You ... you are not going to find Wei Xiaole, what are you doing now?" Liu Rong asked.

"Do you not think I am really interested in you?"

Chen Mo looked at Liu Di and couldn't help but smiled. Then I said that I didn't feel disdain: "Sorry, your woman is striking in front of me, I will not have any ideas, I don't have no difference today. Just want to see if you have a woman in order to make money, it will make a cheap thing, a woman who would rather use 40,000 yuan for the first time, I didn't touch her ... "

"you……"

Liu Fang looked at Chen Mo and his face was very angry.

"What's wrong with me?"

Chen Mo asked faintly.

"Chen Mo, you are in humiliating me today?"

Liu Luo shouted.

"Yes, I am in humiliating you, just like the same time you use money to humiliate me, you will not be much better than me!"

Chen Miman is very calm back, and then turned directly to the outside of the room.

Li Luo is standing in the country, and the mind in my mind is constantly recalling that Chen Mo just said to her!

At this time, Liu Luo found that his previous behavior seems to be so ridiculous, maybe she is not qualified to humiliate Chen Mo, and there is no qualification to humiliate the current Chen Mo.

......

On the other hand, after leaving the hotel, Chen Mo took the mobile phone directly to the phone of Li Juncheng.

"Chen Gongzi, is you telling?"

Li Juncheng asked very respectfully after the call.

"Help me investigate a person, this person is Wei Xiaole!"

Chen Mo said.

"Okay, Chen Gongzi! I will let people investigate, I should contact you for a while!"

Li Juncheng quickly agreed.

"Great!"

Chen Mo nodded and then hang up the phone to go to the school.

But I still don't wait for Chen Mo to enter the school, a black Mercedes-Benz stopped in front of Chen Mo, a middle-aged person came out from the car, and the gods were extremely nervous, and the Chen Miao was heard, and then whispered : "Chen Gongzi, Hello!"

Chen Mo got up and down, the middle-aged person, whispered: "Are you Li Jincheng?"

"The opponent's master, I am Li's hand, did you not let me investigate a person named Wei Xiaole? I have already investigated it. Are you going to find him now?" Middle-aged people said.

"Well, now it's now!"

Chen Mo nodded.

"Chen Gongzi, please please!"

Middle-aged people quickly reached out to help Chen Mo opened the door.

Chen Mo made a little embarrassing, whispered: "What is that, you don't have to be so polite to me ..."

"Chen Gongzi, you are the boss of Li, Li is always my boss, I am polite to you!" The middle-aged people looked back.

"Oh, what is the name?"

Chen Mo smiled asked in the middle-aged.

"My name is Du Tianhao, Chen Gongzi, you call me Xiaohao!"

The middle-aged man said while driving.

"You are Du Tianhao?"

Chen Mo listened to this, and his face became changing in an instant, and his expression was shocked.

"Chen Gongzi, have you heard my name?"

Du Tianli asked.

"Of course, I didn't know how Du Tianhao, the big brother of Nanyang City!"

Chen Mo is often surprised to return a sentence.

"What big brother is not big brother, in front of Chen Gongzi, I am nothing more than an errand younger brother. After Chen Gongzi, if there is anything, if you don't have to call Li, I will call me!" Du Tianhao is very respectful Looking at Chen Mo said.

Chen Mo's expression is helpless, I don't know how to describe my mood at this time.

It may, but all Nanyang people should know the name of Du Tianhao, Chen Mo naturally also heard a few times in the mouth of the classmate.

It is said that Du Tianhao is in Nanyang City, it is a big man who has a black and white. Basically, there are not a few people in Nanyang City dare to provoke Du Tianhao, and there are many venues in Nanyang City, in fact, under the control of Du Tiandao!

Chen Mo didn't think of it. He has always lived in the legendary social big brother Du Tianhao to drive himself, but also let himself call him Xiaohao!

If you let Meng Liang, Liu Rui know, can you scare it directly?

More than ten minutes.

Du Tianhao stopped Mercedes-Benz to save the KTV door of Liu Fang Xu Jiao before, and then reached out to help Chen Mo opened the door, whispered: "Chen Gongzi, I let my people investigate, you said the Wei Xiaole now It should be in this KTV! "

"Well, go in and see it!"

Chen Mo's eyes returned to a sentence, then rushed directly to KTV.

After a while, Chen Mo found the package of yourself before, and then reached out to the door.

Wei Xiaole, who was playing Poker, I couldn't help but I can't help it later, and then shouted. "Hey, isn't Chen Mo? How are you back? Is it going back? Is it ready to come back to give me a lick? Shoes? "

"Sorry, this time may be dirty in my shoes!"

Chen Mo looked at Wei Xiaole to calmly laughed.

......