Chapter 33: This villa can't help me!

Wang Yaoyao naturally did not dare to violate Sun Fu's meaning, directly with Chen Mo to the front of the sand table in the sales office.

Sun Fu's heart clearly can't affirmed this villa, so there is no excessive stay in the sales office, and the sales office will come out.

At this time, the expression is nervous at the same place. It is full of helplessness because she knows that she will shout himself today, it is equivalent to the sin, Wang Yao Yao, once Chen Mo left, then he will definitely be opened by Wang Yaoyao of.

So Lin Xi is now a little I don't know what I should do, I can only cry my head.

Wang Yaoyao took a laser pen, pointed to a villa of the most edge of the sand table, said with a small mouth and said with Chen Mo: "Now our entire villa area will remain in the last villa, the unit is two The layer is three hundred flat, the price of a square meter is 20,000 yuan, if the full amount is six million! "

"Six million?"

Chen Mo listened to this number, I couldn't help it.

"Yes, because this villa is the last building, so the price is slightly cheap, if the most intermediate villa, the one-square meter is 30,000 yuan."

Wang Yaoyao felt back, and then got up and down, he continued: "But I think it is the cheapest villa, should you still buy it?"

Chen Mo looked at Wang Yaoyao did not speak.

"Okay, you can't afford it, it's normal. After all, how can you have money to buy a villa? I have no mood to waste time with you here, do you still do what to do!" Wang Yao Yao saw After Sun Fu leaving, the tone is coming again.

Because Chen Mo's distance from Wang Yao Yao is very close, Chen Mo can clearly smell the faint fragrance of Wang Yaoyao.

Throwing Wang Yao Yao's personality does not say, her figure can be calculated as the essence of the people, especially the towering double peaks below the shirt, as if they can break through underwear, very fascinating.

"How do you know that I can't afford this villa?"

Chen Mo looked at Wang Yao Yao and asked softly from Wang Yao.

"You can't afford it, you can't afford it. Don't you say that it is six million, you can take it around today, I am too powerful!" Wang Yaoyao was very disdainful. Stayed by Chen Mo.

"Ha ha……"

Chen Mo listened to Wang Yao Yao's stark, there is nothing to say, turn around and plan to leave.

"I know that you can't afford, delay my time, poor silk!"

Wang Yaoyao saw that Chen Mo was ready to leave, and he couldn't help but a little mouth. The expression was abnormal.

Chen Mo naturally didn't have a mood to take care of this Wang Yao Yao. It is not a way to go outside the sales office. In fact, Chen Mo is now there is no money to buy this villa, but Chen Mo thinks that the location of this villa is not very good. After all, Chen Mo is already Such a lot of money, if he really bought a house, then it must buy the best position in the best cell.

Everyone who may be present is that Chen Mai does not match this villa, but they don't know that this villa can't help now Chen Mo.

"Lin Xi, what do you still do? You can also leave now!"

Wang Yaoyao saw Chen Mo to leave, holding his shoulders and shouting in Lin Xi.

"Wang Manager, is it ... Is it a job?" Lin Xi heard Wang Yaoyao, and he asked his lips.

"Get off work?"

Wang Yaoyao smiled, then said that there was no expression: "Yes, you are going to get off work now, and you will not have to come over, you are expelled!"

Because Lin Xi took Chen Mili into the sales office, Wang Yaoyao was said with Sun Fuji, and Wang Yaoyao is definitely very uncomfortable, so she is now ready to put this in Lin Xi.

Lin Xi listened to Wang Yaoyao's sentence, directly in the original place, the expression on his face was very wronged.

"Manager Wang, I ..."

Lin Xi mouth wants to explain.

"What are you? I said that you have already been expelled, you can't understand, is it?" Wang Yaoyao shouted.

Lin Xi station hesitated for two seconds, and his tears went out, and he was ready to leave here with Chen Mo.

Lin Xi family conditions itself is not good. In the past few years, Lin Xi's father suffered from serious illness. Most of the income in the home was earned by the mother. On the side of Lin Xi, I went to school, on the one hand, for my tuition, On the other hand, it is for homes.

So this work is still very important for Lin Xi.

Chen Mimo watched the Lin Xi and found that Lin Xi didn't cry, couldn't help but asked softly: "How do you cry?"

"No ... ok ..."

Lin Xi reached out and wiped the tears on his face and planned to leave.

After Chen Mo hesitated, he stopped his footsteps to see the position of Wang Yao Yao, asked softly: "Why do you want to expel her?"

"I am the manager of this sale, what people do I need to explain with you?" Wang Yaoyao returned to a word.

"Mr. Chen, don't say, let's go!"

Lin Xi stretched with Chen Mima, whispered.

Chen Mo looked down at Lin Xi, but did not leave the idea. On the contrary, he didn't rush to Wang Yao Yao's position, then he said that there is no expression: "Lin Xi did not do something wrong today, why do you want to expel her?"

"Who are you? I need to explain these things with you?"

Wang Yao Yao shouted.

"You don't need to explain with me, but you should explain it to Lin Xi, otherwise I will go to the head of your sales office now!" Chen Mo looked at Wang Yaoyao.

"Do you want an explanation?"

Wang Yaoyao quickly smiled, and then faintly said: "I am removing her because I think she works, no matter what person is in our sales office, this will greatly affect the image of our sales office, and her itself It is a flyer, even if there is any ability to buy the house in our villa, you can't tell you, do you think I will leave this employee? "

"Do you think she has no ability?"

Chen Mo shouted asked.

"Yeah, even your own people dare to bring in our sales office, this is not no ..."

"I bought it in that house!"

Wang Yao's words did not finish it, Chen Mo's direct interruption.

"You ... what do you say?"

Wang Yaoyao stared at the big eyes of Waterwell, and his expression was very incredible.

"I said, I bought it, I bought it!"

Chen Mo was very calm and repeated.