Chapter 91: Don't you thank this?

"Chen Mo, when Wei Xiaole is not what you help? Why don't you talk?"

Wen Rui saw that Chen Mo did not answer his question, and I went to the previous step asked by Chen Mail.

"..."

Chen Mo looked at Wen Ruo hesitated for two seconds, then said softly: "The first thing is really not what I help!"

Previously, Chen Mo used to be with Wen Ruo, but it was the past, but Wen Ruo did not believe, Chen Mo didn't do it. It was only worried that Wen Ruo was lured by Zhang Feng, so it was forced to frank her own identity.

But now Chen Mo feels that Zhang Feng has eliminated, it is not so important that it is going to follow the wind, so Chen Mo wants to continue to conceal his identity, he doesn't want Wen Ruo, it is actually a rich second generation. Because he thinks that Wen Rui once, the relationship between them will change.

"Chen Mo, is this thing really not to help me? If you are not your help, why is Wei Xiaole look like this?"

Wen Ruo is a little excited to rush through Chen Mo.

"My attitude towards Chen Gongzi ..."

Wei Xiaolei Zhang just said that Chen Mo directly grabbed: "Wei Xiaole is the attitude towards me because he said that he said!"

"Right, because of Hao Ge!"

Wei Xiaole felt that Chen Mo said this sentence did not have any problems, so even nodded.

After all, Wei Xiaole is also because Du Tianhao knows Chen Mo's identity.

"It's impossible, definitely not because of what Hao Ge, when you first touched me, you told me that Zhang Feng is a fake, and you still say that you are the wind!"

Wen Rui looked at Chen Mile shakes his head, and then shouted: "Chen Mo, you don't lie here, in fact, you are the past, right? At the beginning, what did you help me?"

"I am really not the past, those things are not what I did!"

Chen Mo saw that Wen Ruo is not so good, the expression seems to have a bit helpless.

"Then how do you know how to say that Zhang Feng is not the past? How do you explain how you explain?" Wen Ruo shouted with the watery of Water.

"amount……"

Chen Mo didn't help but heard it, and then quickly said: "If you are, in fact, I have always want to tell you, but I have never had a chance ..."

"whats the matter?"

Wen Ruo is busy asking.

"In fact, I know that the past is the wind. The past is the wind is Du Tianhao. So when Zhang Feng said that he is the past, I can determine that he is a fake!" Chen Mo found an excuse to see it. Wen Rui.

"This ... how can this?"

Wen Ruoyi looked at Chen Mo and his face looked at Chen Mo. The expression on his face was very excited. Because Wen Ruo is not thinking about it.

"What I said is real!"

Chen Mimi is serious about Wen Ruo said.

"I think Chen Gongzi is still very likely!" Wei Xiaole also nodded, then he continued to say: "Otherwise, the Hao Ge can't come to me, let me apologize!"

"..."

Wen Ruoyi hesitated two seconds in place, then pursuing the Water's big eyes on the front step: "Since you have known the things of the past, why didn't you tell me?"

"Because Du Tianhao is a big man with his face in Nanyang City. He feels that if you let others know that he looks at the female anchor, it will definitely have a lot of people to joke him, so he will conceal himself Identity! "

Chen Mo is busy explaining.

Wen Ruo looked at Chen Mo in front of him, and some disappointed in his heart.

Because she originally thought that these things were all doing Chen Mo, I did not expect that these things did not have any relationship with Chen Mo, and there is no relationship with Zhang Feng, but a Wen Ruo's people who don't know.

"What is the one, I have just said something I know, can I go now?"

At this time, the Zhang Feng expressions lying on the ground were very painful, and Chen Mo and others shouted.

Chen Mimei watched his eyes and then said: "You can't walk today!"

"You ... what do you mean by this?"

Zhang Feng looked at Chen Mo and his face was very fear.

Chen Mer went up and took out his mobile phone, and then wanted to call the police. After all, Zhang Feng has constituted rape today, and Chen Miman cannot be easily leaving.

But after Chen Mai took the mobile phone, I found that my mobile phone was out of power. I had to turn my head and said: "You now call the police, let the police take this person!"

"Good Chen Gongzi!"

Wei Xiaole looked at Chen Mo nodded and took out the phone to call the police.

After ten minutes, the police came directly to the hotel left the Zhang Feng.

And Wen Rui is the victim of this case, so it is natural to follow the dispatch of the mouth.

Chen Mo worried that Wen Ruo, a person, may be some fear, so he went to the police station with Wen Ruo.

As for Wei Xiaole, Wang Yaoyao and others are not particularly familiar with Wen Ruo, so there is no police station, but every go home.

......

Twelve hours in the evening.

Chen Mo has been filled with the mouth in the police station, because the time is really late, plus Wen Rui today has experienced these things, there will be some injuries in the heart, so they have no choice to go home, but near the police station Just find a hotel opened two rooms, ready to take a break in the hotel, then go back.

After opening a good room, Chen Mo directly entered his room ready to sleep.

But I still don't wait Chen Mo, I heard a knock on the door.

"Who?"

Chen Mo shouted.

"Chen Mo, can I go in?" Wen Ruo is soft back to a sentence.

"can!"

Chen Mo listened to the voice of Wen Ruo, and then picked up and promised, then went out of the bed opened the door.

Wen Ruo walked into the room with Chen Mo.

"Chen Mo, today's things are really thank you, or because of your appearance, I may have been Zhangfeng ..." Wen Ruo said, whispered to Chen Mo.

"It doesn't matter, I see this kind of thing will definitely won't matter, you don't have to care too much about this matter. After all, Zhang Feng is still very small!"

Chen Mo smiled back to a sentence.

"Then I have to thank you ..."

Wen Rui is not finished, suddenly her eyes flashed, and her face began to have a little red.

"What happened?"

Chen Mo saw Wen Ruo Yan seems to be a little less right, quickly rushing to Wen Ruo.

"Chen Mo, how do I feel that I am hot? I ... I am very uncomfortable!"

Wen Ruo said that this is to start the clothes on his body.

"Wen Rui, what happened?"

Chen Mohu quickly reached out to stop the Wen Ruo, and Chen Yuli shouted.

And Wen Ruoyu did not take care of Chen Mo, reached out, pushed Chen Mo to the bed, then turned over to Chen Mo's body, pulling Chen Mo's clothes.

After seeing such a crazy Wen Ruo, Chen Mo is in a stupid eye, because he doesn't know what Wen Ruo is doing now!

"Will this woman will plan to violent me? I just said that I would like to thank me, I can't thank me this?"

Chen Mer couldn't stand it in his heart.