Chapter 105: Delivery

All students in the restaurant have listened to Mingmei's confession, all puts attention to Mingmei and Chen Mo's two people, and the expression on all faces is also surprising.

Only Chen Mo is still calm with Wei Jiaqi.

Because Wei Jiaqi has already known that Mingmei intends to talk to Chen Mo's table, but she doesn't know that Mingmei is really intended to be with Chen Mo, not using Chen Mo's rush to Zhou Zhe.

Chen Migan knows that Mingmei is now with himself, nothing to look at the money in his hand, when in the villa, Mingmei has been with himself.

But the rest of the restaurant don't understand what is going on, it seems that there is a happiness in the heart.

This is obvious that the plot will appear in the TV series?

A Bai Feimei actually chasing a poor child?

Meng Liang stood in the same place with Liu Rui, and his eyes looked at Chen Mo.

A few days ago, I left Mingmei, now I really changed, I didn't understand what I didn't understand between Chen Mo and Mingmei. I have so beautiful. Variety.

Of course, the most shocking person is still a few of them.

Gaffield has no way to believe that he heard is true.

"What did Chen Mo did it? It can make Mingmei this girl actively confess to him? Is he got to Mingmei?" Liu Di also lamented a big eye.

"Who knows, Chen Mo must use any means to let Mingmei like him!"

Xu Jiao is also very uncomfortable.

"I want to reveal this Chen Mo! I definitely can't let him succeed!"

Gao Feifei has no way to accept Chen Mozhen with Mingmei, so you have to go to the beautiful position.

"Fifi, can you calm down? If you go now, all the efforts before we are all fiscal!" Li Kai quickly stretched his hand and said.

"You can rest assured, I will not talk about that things, I have other ways to dismount two!"

Gao Feifei was very calm back, then opened Li Kai's hand and walked in the bright position.

Li Kai looked at G G Gifei's back, and his eyes were somewhat nervous.

"Chen Mo, I really like you, do you do my boy friendly?"

Mingmei feels that he has just helped Chen Mo, and let Chen mume will be surrounded, so he is now white, saying that Chen Mo is moving will really be together with himself.

"I……"

Chen Mo's mouth wants to talk.

"Mingmei, you can't be with Chen Mo!"

Chen Mo's words did not say exports, Gao Feifei's voice rang in the restaurant.

Mingmei heard the words of Gigfifi looked back, when she saw Gao Feifei, the eyes flashed a disgust, because if she was not in the bar, Gao Feifei came out, she would not misunderstand Chen Mo. Maybe I have now with Chen Mo.

"Why can't I be with Chen Mo?"

The Mingmei is a cold rushing to Gaffefi.

"He is a poor silk, you must be cheated by him!" Gao Feifei shouted.

"I have now known that he has no money, and he knows that he usually rely on the garbage to maintain life, but I don't mind these things? I like him, I don't like his money, he has no money, I have The money is good! "Mingmei has no expression back, then continue:" I know that you are the former girlfriend of Chen Mo, you will feel right with Chen Mo, should I think he is not the money? "

"you……"

Gao Feifei did not expect Mingmei to guess what he had to say.

"I want to tell you a word, this world is not all women like money, nor all girls will give up love because of money, I am not all the way to you, you don't have to persuade me, I really like it. Chen Mo, does not doped anything else! "Mingmei looked at G G Gifei continued.

Chen Mo looked at Mingmei, and couldn't help but feel funny.

If Mingmei doesn't know his identity, she can say these words, Chen Mo may be very moving, maybe I will really agree to Mingmei.

But I will know my identity soon, and I am so big to change in Mingmei, not because of Chen Mo's money?

So in Chen Mo's eyes, Mingmei with Gaffield may be a class of people.

They two half a catty eight, no one is better than anyone.

"..."

After hearing these words in Mingmei, Gigfifei has passed a short white. She didn't expect Mingmei to be so obsessed, but in such cases, Gigfifei also developed all their brain cells, play the play. He said in Mingmei: "Do you think I am because Chen Mo has no money to leave his right?"

"Isn't it?" Mingmei smiled back.

"No!"

Gaffield shouted, then he continued: "At the beginning, I didn't just got Chen Mo, but Chen Mo gave me!"

Everyone heard G G Gifei's words were in the original place, even if Li Kaijuo Liu Luo et al., I don't know what G G Gifei is going to do.

"If I am really because of the money to leave Chen, then why do I choose Chen Mo? And I still have some time with him? Pursue my boys so much, I will find one more than him, why choose His? Have you suffer from him? Isn't it because I see him?

"As long as Chen Merlome can always be better to me, I will be happy for him, even if he is tire, I have no regrets, but I didn't expect this Chen Mo's personal slag, not only the poor and very speech, playing me. I want to throw away me, then go to the three four things with other women, he usually likes to wear two generations of deception, I am really can't stand, so I chose to break up with him! "

Gao Feifei said this, even crying directly.

Chen Mo listened to these words of Gao Feifei, the face on the face was abnormal.

If not Chen Mo knows what is going on, he may believe G G Gwe.

"Slag men, this kind of person is really disgusting, and it is poor and slag!"

"Yeah, how can there be such a person in the world, really disgusting!"

"That Mingmei, you must don't follow this kind of person, otherwise you will definitely regret!"

Those students in Yichengyuan have been boiling after hearing Gaffeffef, and everyone stands out and begins to accuse Chen Mo.

Even Wei Jiaqi has also believed that Gigfeli said, and quickly walked to Mingmei, and said in a bright beauty: "Two beautiful, this Chen Mo is nausea, or you still change your own!"

"..."

Mingmei heard this sentence, turned his head to see Wei Jiaqi, did not speak.

"You may think that I am in a multi-tube, I just don't want to see you of my old way!"

Gaffield saw Mingmei and did not talk, and it felt that Mingmei had believed that he was, and he quickly shouted.

"..."

Mingmei looked at G G Gfei hesitated, then slowly said: "Is your words finished?"

"I……"

Gao Feifei lived.

"Although you are very wonderful, I have nothing to do with me. I am like Chen Mo. What happened to Chen Mo? What happened to Chen Mo? I just like him, do you have any opinions?" Mingmei None The expression is said.

"You ... Are you a problem with your brain? He all like this, do you still like him?"

Gao Feifei looked at Mingmei and thoroughly, and he had just said this, and Mingmei also likes Chen Mo.

Gao Feifei thought about what medicine did Chen Mo gave it to Mingmei, which made Mingmei so dead.

If Chen Mo is a Gao Fu Shuai, Gao Feifei may still understand the practice of Mingmei, but Chen Mo is just a poor silk.

What is Mingmei to do this?

"You have a problem with your brain, my things don't have you to manage!"

Mingmei shouted with a small mouth, then turned to Chen Mo's shout: "Chen Mo, no matter what you are, the poor is also good, I just like you, are you willing to be my boyfriend?"