Chapter 35: I have to pack you?

After heard Chen Mo's words, Wang Yaoyao was also a face.

Just now, Chen Mo said that he bought this house is not to live in it. If you don't live there, it should be a pair, and when Chen Mo actually shouted Lin Xi.

Wang Yaoyao thought of this, couldn't help but flake a very bold idea, that is, Chen Mo bought this villa, is it going to give it to Lin Xi?

Lin Xie stayed in the same place, the expression on his face was very unknown, because she didn't seem to have an air from Chen Mo, and she fell out of this villa, she felt this. Some is too incredible.

"Lin Xi, where are you doing? What is you doing? Come alone?"

Wang Yaoyao saw that Lin Xi Station did not respond in place in place, couldn't help but frown shouted.

"Yes, Wang Manager!"

Lin Xi has promised, then the expression is extremely nervous to Chen Mo's face, and asked at timid: "Mr. Chen, you ... do you have anything?"

"You sign it on the contract!"

Chen Mer sits on the sofa and said very calm.

After he heard Chen Mo's sentence, a piece of expression is very incredible.

What is the meaning of Chen Mo just now, everyone is very clear, Chen Mo is going to give this villa to Lin Xi!

No one thought of seeing a slap in the style of singing. Chen Mo, who was dressed to break, was really able to buy this villa, and bought it in the future, it was not to live in, but to give it to him less than two An hour of Lin Xi!

Everyone can come to this place to see the house, indicating that they are definitely a good condition, but Chen Mo's rich people are really in the first time.

It is a set of six million villas when you shoot!

Still giving a stranger, this is really incredible.

Everyone looked at Chen Mo's position, I didn't know how to describe my own mood. Everything in their eyes is too much too much, it seems to be the plot that occurs in the TV series.

If they are not their own eyes, there is no way to believe that there is such a thing in real life!

In fact, this six million is nothing to do, but Chen Mo is not the big head that can give the stranger with the stranger, but Chen Mo feels that the location of this villa is not very good, even It is better to buy Chen Mo, it is better to send people directly.

As for why I want to give Lin Xi, because Chen Mo saw her original shadow in Lin Xi, he had a common point with Lin Xi, that is because there is no money, it is looked down!

"Chen ... Mr. Chen, what do you mean? This ... this is your villa, I ... I can't sign!"

Simply a kind Linn, I may not know what Chen Mo wants to do, and I have returned to a time.

"This villa is not mine now, but you!"

Chen Mo looked at Lin Xi faint.

"Is this villa me?"

Lin Xi looked at Chen Mo again.

"Yes, I am going to give this villa!"

Chen Mo looked at Lin Xi and nodded.

Wang Yaoyao stared at Chen Mo, a pair of people, dead, and the heart of the five flavors, secretly regret it when Chen Mo came in, why didn't receive Chen Mo, not only didn't please please, but also ridicule people.

Wang Yao Yao is already twenty-seven years old this year. It is not easy to get the manager for five years in the sales office. For the five years, she will clearly know a truth, that is, want to survive in this society. The most important thing is the economic foundation.

So even if there is countless pursuer, she refuses because she feels that these people have no way to meet their requirements for material.

Wang Yao Yao has been in the fantasy, one day, one day, I can meet a super rich second generation, I will go home, so my life is a success.

But she didn't think of that she did really encounter the so-called super rich second generation, but Wang Yaoyao did not cherish this opportunity.

Chen Mo has been young and rich, and the long-term phase is still good, this is the prince of Wang Yao Yao.

Therefore, Wang Yaoyao regrets, and regret why you don't have a good time to please Chen Mo. If you just don't be the attitude, you may not be given to Lin Xi, but give yourself.

"Mr. Chen, this villa is more than 6 million, we know two today, why do you want to give me?"

Lin Xi listened to Chen Mo's words, the first reaction was not excited because he was able to get a set of six million villas, but did not understand why Chen Mo would give yourself a villa.

"Nothing, such a villa I bought it is definitely to send people. Since today is you bringing me here, then we should have a very feasible, and I can feel that you should now need money now. After signing the contract, you can sell the villa directly to improve your current! "Chen Mo looked at Lin Xi slowly.

Lin Xi touted Chen Mo with his own beauty. She is very clear in her heart. There is no completely free lunch in this world. Since Chen Mo wants to give the villa to himself.

As for what requirements, Lin Xi has an answer.

But the six million for Lin Xi at this time, it is simply a number who wants to think, if Lin Xi can get the money, not only cure the disease on his father, but also make yourself The parents have a little life, they don't have to look down.

If this is true, Lin Xi feels that even if he pays some cost, it is actually normal.

"call……"

Lin Xi quickly made a decision, and asked Chen Mail: "Mr. Chen, do you really plan to give this villa?"

"Yep!"

Chen Mo nodded lightly.

After Lin Xi saw Chen Mo, I didn't want to pick up the contract on the table directly, and then quickly wrote my name.

When everyone saw Lin Xi really wrote his name, the expression on his face was abnormal, after all, in their eyes, at this time, Lin Xi did not have any difference with the lucky winner of the lottery lottery.

Wang Yaoyao also regretted at this time, after all, if it is not because of his stupid, the person signed above the contract should be himself.

Because Chen Mo is a full purchase of a house, there is no so much cumbersome thing. After a few minutes, Lin Xie will handle all the procedures with the staff of the sales office.

And Lin Xi also became the true owner of the villa.

People in the sales office look at the eyes of Lin Xi 's eyes, everyone is thinking if this happens today!

Chen Mo saw Lin Xi to handle all the procedures, directly got up and rushed to the sales office, it seems that never did not notice from his head to his face, trying to attract Chen Yao Yao, who is intended to attract Chen Yaoyao.

Lin Xi saw Chen Mima, and quickly chased Chen Mo quickly, then said Chen Mo, then said: "Mr. Chen, thank you for sending me a villa ..."

"you are welcome!"

Chen Mo fell back.

"What is the one, this is my mobile phone number, when do you need it, you can call me at any time!"

Lin Xi hesitated, took out a note from his own clothes to Chen Mo's face, his face was very shy.

"When do you need it?"

Chen Mo listened to the words of Lin Xi flashed in the eyes of God.

"Yes ... Yes, you ... you gave me such a big set of houses, not to ..." Lin Xihong is like a pretty face of peach peach, and the remaining half of the sentence did not say exports.

"What do you want to do?"

Chen Mo is still an indiscrimination of a face.

"You don't want to pack me, let me do your lover?" Lin Xi finally told the courage to say this.

"I want to pack you?"

Chen Mo looked at Lin Xi and completely dumbful. The stunned station did not know what to say.