Chapter 72: Sun Wei's boyfriend

After listening to Chen Mo, Sun Wei was very excited, because she knew that Chen Mo was ready to let her take the initiative.

This job is not particularly important for Sun Hao, after all, she has now had a background amazing rich second generation boyfriend, but she feels that if she is really so resigned, it is too shame.

And even if it is at this time, Sun Wei is still refused to believe that Zhang Ming gives Chen Mer's check is true.

She can't understand where Chen Mo is so much.

At this time, the whole person is also stupid, she feels that she is experiencing today. It is like a dream.

Last night, I didn't fall the bar. Gao Feifei, etc.

Chen Deh has no refute to those people. This shows that Chen Mo himself admits these things.

But why did Chen Mo began to buy such a villa for so much money?

It's hard to make Chen Mo's garbage for more than 70 million?

How much garbage is this?

Mingmei glanced at the beautiful scorpion of his own watery, she didn't know how to describe her own mood.

"Sun Wei, before you said Chen Gongzi as long as you can buy this villa, do you resign yourself? Now Chen Gongzi has bought the villa, what are you waiting?" Wang Yao Yao will not let this except The opportunity of our biggest opponents in the company, the front step, the momentum shouted.

"Resign? Why should I resign? I don't believe this check is true!"

Sun Wei shouted with his emotional excitement.

"Sun Manager, Zhang Zhang, who has a bank, has already determined that this check is no problem, what are you still here?" Wang Zhongqiang shouted.

"Wang, I ..."

Sun Wei Zhang said to talk.

"You are you? Today, you don't resign, I have to remove you, starting from tomorrow, you don't have to come to work!" Wang Zhongqiang did a smooth and breath.

In fact, Wang Zhongqiang can't see that Sun Wei is not a day and two days. It is just that Sun Wei is amazing. The above people have always helped Sun Wei to talk, so Wang Zhongqiang does not dare to take Sun Wei.

But at this time, Wang Zhongqiang can feel that Chen Mo's identity background is absolutely not simple.

If you take it out, you will take a 70 million checks, and the bank's manager sent it personally, how much face is it?

In the face of such a super rich second generation, Wang Zhongqiang must have a good time, and you can see that Sun Wei is not pleasing to the eye, so it is better to take this opportunity to remove Sun Wei.

After listening to this sentence of Wang Zhong, the expression on his face seems to be more shocked, and he shouted: "Wang, what do you say? Do you actually want to expel me? Directors know this decision? "

"Chairman does not need to know this, today, this big misunderstanding, you just haven't born Chen Gongzi Zhang to the police station, it is enough to let me expel you! "Wang Zhongqiang seems to have promised Wang Yao Yao to use the above relations to threaten itself, and very calm back.

Sun Yu's eyes flashed a desperate, she didn't expect Wang Zhongqiang, and she didn't care about it in the company.

And Mingmei is now very regret. Where can she think that because of her own sentence, let Sun Wei have paid such a big price, and they must know that Sun Wei is in order to go to this position now, but pay a lot. The effort.

If so, if you are expelled by Wang Zhongqiang, Sun Wei is definitely very unhappy.

"Wang Zhongqiang, you know who I don't know who my boyfriend is? If you dare to expel me today, I will definitely let you regret!" Sun Wei shouted.

"Today, I have no matter who your boyfriend is, I have to expel you!"

Wang Zhongqiang faintly returned.

In fact, Wang Zhongqiang also knows that the people above the company have always helped Sun Wei to talk, that is because of the relationship between Sun Wei's boyfriend, but in fact, Wang Zhongqiang does not know why Sun Wei's boy is.

"Wang, how is this big fire? Look in my face, give my girlfriend a chance?"

At this time, a young man wearing a white suitcle, smiled, walked into the sales office.

After everyone heard the voice, he turned his head to the position of your youth.

Chen Mo also got up and down the youth and found that he didn't know this person, but inexplicably felt that this youth seems to have some eyes.

"Husband, you can be coming, if you are not coming today, I have to give these people to death!"

After Sun Wei saw the youth, his face immediately changed, and quickly walked to the youth and started to sprite.

At this time, the expression on the face is also obviously eased, because she knows that the background of the boyfriend of his cousin is amazing, so today, Chen Mo Wangzhong should not take Sun Wei!

"How can I have a little money?"

Thinking of this, Mingmei once again looked at Chen Mo's position. In her eyes, Chen Mo is a money, but it is still a poor silk.

In this society, it is not that you have money, you have to have a relationship.

"Total, what is going on?"

Sun Wei's boyfriend asked in front of Wang Zhongqiang.

"Du Shao, you ... how did you come over?"

Wang Zhongqiang knotted the back of Baba.

It can feel that the identity of Sun Wei is absolutely not simple from the expression of young people from Wang Zhong.

"I came over and pick up my girlfriend!"

Du Shao looked at his arms while talking about his arms, and Sun Wei also immediately put a picture of Poor Baba.

"Du Shao, Ji Yang Manager has some small contradictions with the guests in our sales office, I am working on the contradiction now!" Wang Zhong smiled.

"Some small contradictions?"

Du Shao turned his head, Chen Mo, who was not far away, and Zhang Ming and others, said casually: "Nonefo is a full of outbreaks, Wang, you will not bought a house because of this hunter, you will sin. ? "

"Du Shar ..."

Wang Zhongqiang looked at Du Shao, and the expression is extremely difficult.

Where can he want to get Sun Wei's boyfriend, it will be a famous Dujiaoya, a famous Dujia.

"That is always, you don't have to say, if you have any questions, you can ask your company's chairman, you see that he will not expel my Duyan girlfriend!" The youth is very domineering.

"Just now, Sun Wei said, if Chen Gongzi can buy this villa, Sun Wei resigns, this matter is nothing to do with Wang!"

Wang Yao Yao will definitely don't want to give up the good opportunity to remove Sun Wei, and then shouted in front of him.

"Hey, have you talked about this?" Du Shawei asked Sun Yanyu.

"..."

Sun Yu looked at it, and then understood the meaning of Du Shao, directly shook his head and said: "Husband, I have not said this sentence ..."

"I didn't say that it was not countless!"

Du Xiaoyed smiled.

Wang Yaoyao looked at Du Shaos Sun Wei, directly in the original place, the expression on his face is very speechless, she didn't think that these two people would act so unfashionable!

"Ok, I have no mood to waste time with you, let's take a small beauty, let's go, let's find a chance to explain the chairman, isn't it a little ignorant? What is gout ... "

Du Shao did a very big overbearing. It seems that he did not ask Chen Mo and others' opinions, and Sun Wei is planning to leave.

Wang Zhongqiang naturally did not dare to block, after all, if he is saying to expect Sun Wei, it is true to do it with Du Shao.

"Husband, you are too handsome!"

After seeing Duyan so domineering, the mood is a lot, and directly in Duyan's face, turn around to leave with Duyan.

"Today, Sun Wei does not resign, no one wants to go!"

However, when Sun Wei turned into the moment, Chen Mo suddenly called.